Saturday 4 October 2014
I did some catching up in 221 material today on machine learning. Something caught my attention that has been blowing my mind since. One thing that came up in the different algorithms and such was that basically machine learning algorithms benefit the most from training data that is incorrect from the “correct” answer.In other words, mistakes. The algorithm benefits the most in becoming more correct by making mistakes. That is huge! If these mechanical, calculated things benefit the most from mistakes then, boy, we as humans do the same too! Just something to keep in mind and in mindsets and such.
I experienced something this morning which renews my desires for focusing on lucid dreaming. I woke up one time due to David’s annoying alarm clock, but managed to fall asleep again. But I woke up again later from David singing. Upon waking up, I continued to lay still and was sort of focused on the singing, sort of spacing out or whatever I do. But before I knew it, I felt this feeling and vibration coming over my body accompanied by experiencing vision despite my eyes being closed, of this small strip of light out in the distance, occasionally some muffled voice-like sounds. Yep, all of this reminding me of sleep paralysis and the onset of a dream. Except, fully aware!
I was definitely aware at the time of what was going on, but I wasn’t fully conscious of what to do to make the most of it necessarily, as looking back, I would have been telling myself that this is a dream over and over and trying to focus to influence the environment and such. As the sleep paralysis moved into a dream scene, I’d lose focus and fall into taken-for-the-ride-dream state then that would return back to the sleep paralysis-ness, and I’d be more conscious and aware again and go through the same experiences from before then it’d go back to a dream. This happened 3 or 4 times before it all went away and I was fully awake and such. 
I think some of it had to do with David’s singing in that it was something that kept me aware through the onset of sleep paralysis. I think other experiences with sleep paralysis that I’ve had had similar things of some noise or something that kept my attention and awareness into sleep paralysis, like a fan or something. This is something to look into. But besides that, LET’S DO IT AGAIN, EXCEPT MORE THIS TIME! Let’s retain all consciousness and smart-ness in terms of LD. Let’s raise awareness more and more, and influence the environment. You’ve got this!
Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson
