Thursday 16 October 2014
Dear Good Sir,
So it’s time I actually took those goals and such that I listed before the quarter started and do something with them. I noted when I started my run today that why am I running today when I didn’t run yesterday or other days? I need some more order in this. Some discipline. But not just for this but a few other areas that were listed too.
I’ll start with the physical since I was already on the subject. I want to be reasonable but I need you to actually run. I want to actually go forward with this weekly goal run thing as it really is a great idea. So every week, you’ll have a certain number of times that I want you to run. Which will generally be 4 but I’ll be flexible based on the week which is one reason that I like this weekly goals thing. Also, I won’t mandate that they be on any certain days, so you can also kinda just find where it works best. Please feel free to schedule times at the beginning of the week, but there won’t be any set times that I mandate you run. Outside of the 4 days of running I’d like something physical to be done the other 3 days too such as basketball, dedicated biking (biking to class or around campus generally will NOT count), walking, etc. Pretty simple. Also, do some ab stuff 3 days a week at least (for now).
In terms of memory, I realized today that I really need to do better with making all of this memory stuff more practical to my day-to-day life. Sure, the ptable and pi is cool, but it’s not very useful. It be better to be focusing on things that will actually be useful and practical. I’ve brainstormed 4 areas to focus on for now. One would be tailoring the peg and chain numbers to be good at memorizing phone numbers quickly, i.e. as they are being said. One way to help with this would be having pegs for all 3 digits number as in 000 to 999. That way you could take the first two sets of 3 which people say each at a time generally easily then hit the last 4 as two sets of 2. ou got a memory book and the internet. It’s simple enough.
Another area would be being able to memorize faces quickly. Besides just focusing on practicing, I’d say one thing that would help would literally just go through a long list of common names (like the convenient one in the book…) and establish what associations you would use for each name just to have it down and easy to pick up and use when the time comes. Besides that, getting better at just picking a face feature and using that to associate the name. Practice, practice, practice. With SOOP and other things, you’ll be meeting a lot of new people often so bam, there’s your practice material.
Something else that could definitely benefit from useful memory systems is memorizing Japanese tango and kanji. I’ve already been doing that to some extent to do so well on the tango and kanji quizzes so far this quarter, but I’ve noticed a problem, a comment that I made to Zoey-san. I don’t even remember the stuff from the previous quizzes anymore. After thinking about it, the obvious answer is that I didn’t get any of it into my long term memory. It went away with short term. A simple solution? Keep practicing it. Something to help with that would be the Anki program. It uses science to know when to practice it and helps get things into your long term. Do it. On top of that, formalizing a system for getting the Japanese syllables and always having something to make a list to memorize a vocab word will help. In addition, formalizing learning the kanji radical will also help. Use Anki! You’ve got this!
Besides these three areas, I would say keep reading the memory book and learning more. Get memory palaces down too since those could be useful for to-do-list sort of things or things you want to just remember for a short time though possibly for long term use too. Just have lots and lots of useful memory tools at the ready for yourself. Let’s hack my memory more. GO!
Outside of physical and memory, two areas of goals are meditation and dreams. For both of these, I’d say the morning is key. Let’s try to avoid ever having to do anything in the morning besides goal stuff. That means getting up and meditating, hopefully a recording or 45+ in general, then recording dreams. Or the other way around, I need to figure out that out. Even if you don’t type up all of the dreams and very detailedly, it’s okay!!! Just doing some of it will be very beneficial, believe me. I will not accept any of this not much stuff anymore. In terms of meditation though, I’d say, gun for at least two 45-minute sessions a week and outside of that at least 10 minutes a day (though more is highly highly encouraged). Record dreams every day.
To help for motivation and reinforcement for doing all of these things, I will use a point system with the points being able to be cashed in for some reward. I don’t know. I’ll figure out something. The general idea is that you’ll get 1 point a day for doing everything assigned that day. If you don’t do all 4 areas then you lose a point for the number of areas not done minus 1. There may be bonuses available for 7 out of 7 days straight done. Eventually, all of this will just be habit hopefully and such point/reward systems won’t be necessary. But until then, this and achieving goals. LET’S GO!
Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson
