Wednesday 5 November 2014
Dear Good Sir,
Something happened today during lunch that I wish to try to bring out more often. Like often so, I was eating with David, and it was like it normally is with generally some conversation but not necessarily a lot unless there’s just something, usually him, that one of us really wants to talk about. But today, this is spun to a great extent. It started I remember specifically from me wanting to just break the silence, so I asked if he had had another one of his ASES coffee conversation things again yesterday. The idea of these things are really appealing to me, so I feel like often ask him about them. 
He started talking about the conversation the coffee talks in general and how they often last a long time which is unique to him apparently compared to the other officers. I think it lies somewhere in here what caused today’s lunch to go the way it did as I feel like we both at least subconsciously wanted or want to talk at length with each other. He started going more into ASES in general and different things, we started having a wonderful conversation about clubs we are in specifically ASES and SOOP and clubs in general. Before long it was after 1 us having been talking for quite well.
Besides the desire to cultivate such happenings more often with David and to really consider ASES next year, something else in general that I want to take away from this happening which is more so something to think about, and more so something to consciously point out as I think you’ve thought about this in the past recently: what sort of things do you want to spend time dedicating to your senior year? I know that’s way in the future (or is it?), but I feel like thinking about that now and in the next few quarters before than would be a good idea.
One BIG question is regarding SOOP. Something that I thought about during our conversation today was that I am one of the few really dedicated juniors in SOOP right now besides Nikita and Brendan and a few others though even these few others I don’t know the full extent in terms of being very very involved. It’s not at all a calling them out for not being more dedicated or anything since I especially understand junior year being abroad and what not. And it’s not really this year specifically that I am really pointing at. Even last year, it was very similar at least percentage-wise.
Now that question is, do I want to shoot for co-president next year? At least, this year and before and possibly in the past, there seems to be a slight tradition of having a sophomore and a senior president. If that is to continue, not that I would make a decision based on that, but if it is to continue, that would mean either Nikita or I (or someone that I am not thinking of that would be willing to take on that role) would need to be the one. I am unsure right now if I want to step up to do that. It’s just a not sure sort of thing. Part of it is a not feeling qualified but at the same time, I have lots of measures in place to push that away and realize that does not need to be a concern. 
But it’s also just a thing of not sure of what I want to dedicate myself too. Right now, my outdoor interests and Japanese interests are two completely, seemingly, unrelated areas to the extent that I am not sure, outside of random stand-alone things, that they will ever really collide. Which is fine. But I don’t want to split myself too too much. So I don’t know between SOOP, SJEC, etc what I would want to dedicate myself to more or what. Or is there other things that I’d like to do? Who knows right now? I guess one thing is maximizing doing things that I won’t really be able to do after Stanford. But in general, all of this is something to keep in mind and think about in the next year, and especially while you are abroad and such. So you’re ready to have the time of life senior year. 
Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson
