Tuesday 11 November 2014
Dear Good Sir,
I think there are a few misconceptions that occurred last night regarding my perceptions about how I feel about Friday. These misconceptions have gone unnoticed until today and even right now aren’t fully uncovered as I am just assuming based on small, yet decent evidence that the misconceptions are there if I just peek. The way I realized they were there was from doing a slight peek earlier today without necessarily meaning too.
This misconception, since really it’s just one, is that I am not nervous about Friday. I might think as a whole when I glance very broadly that I don’t feel nervous. And that’s mostly because, one, the extent at which I want Friday to come is very high which is clouding out other things, and two, I have not fully gone over my plans for Friday yet. That accidental slight peeking earlier? That was from me starting to play out parts of Friday in my head. And there was a point when I was thinking about the actual confession/popping the question (if I want to do that) part when I suddenly felt really nervous.
Which makes sense. That has always been the part that has made me the most nervous i.e. with Gina. Sure, I might be at a better place now, but that sure doesn’t mean that nervousness will just disappear with a snap of my finger. Or does it? I think if I prepare myself well and have a good plan, including wording already for the most part mapped out, I think I can keep the nervousness to a minimum and NOT take 4 hours to do it. In fact, I think I can make this real good if I take advantage of this extra time I have to plan. That will be a task for in the next few days though once I’ve melted down some more of these assignments and such. Good luck, not that you need it.
This podcast series, Serial, an investigation story over multiple podcasts, is amazing. Sarah is just doing a wonderful job of presenting everything and the story and the order. But the story, gah. The whole thing bothers me. The fact that Adnan was charged guilty, i.e. without a doubt, based on the trial that the prosecution put on. There is just clearly lots of confusing things about Jay’s stories and the records. I am by no way saying that Adnan is innocent, but I don’t think the prosecution had enough information during the trial to have be considered guilty without a doubt.
Now, what becomes really interesting is when you consider the idea that Adnan is innocent. If that’s the case, then Jay MUST know who actually did it as he knew where the car was parked. And if Adnan is innocent then I feel like he must really not know who did it which becomes interesting even more when you think that Jay had his phone and car a lot of the day and does know who did it. I feel like if Adnan is innocent, then Jay had to have set him up. I just don’t see how else it could be. But I don’t understand why Jay would kill Hae. If he even did. But who else would have wanted to kill her and why would Jay have helped and provided Adnan as someone to set up? And who was that mysterious anonymous Asian caller that provided the lead for the detectives to start checking out Adnan? So many questions. I REALLY hope they can get to the bottom of this whole thing. SOMEONE is lying, and I want to know who regardless of who it is.
Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson
