Looking for a journal about this Splash? See the one from Sunday 16 November 2014.
Dear Good Sir,
I want to highlight my appreciation for the Mina/Gina duo again. I REALLY appreciate their friendship and support especially right now in my quest regarding Crystal. I honestly would not be where I am right now without their help. Like AT ALL. I am still quite surprised by the drastic change that I underwent in the process of an hour last night. But even outside of this, I just enjoy spending time with them both and feel so lucky to have such good friends here at Stanford. In regards to Gina, I am really happy that, at least right now, it is like old times last year of hanging out a lot and such. The both feel like long lost sisters or something.
So, this morning, still feeling the same as last night, as in wanting to talk to Crystal as soon as possible, I decided to text her to figure that out. I wanted to avoid making it seem like a big deal at all but with still trying to make it an as soon as possible thing. Errrr, is that even possible though? I certainly didn’t think so, so I just compromised by still wording it as “wanting to talk to her about something” but tried to tie it back to Friday, so that’s unclear what I really want to talk to her about. 
But unfortunately, she is busy as I expected, and it was quickly looking like it would be Friday. Deciding to accept this, I told her that was fine. But somehow or perhaps it’s just her caring nature, she asked me is Friday really okay and is everything actually okay. She even offered Wednesday after her midterm, but I just continued to say Friday as that would be too much right after her midterm.
After more thinking, I am glad she has some inkling and pre-warning. It gives her time to prepare and think I suppose. Though I guess I don’t really know what she thinks though anyway, so maybe she has no idea? Or I don’t know. But I certainly have some time to think. All the way until Friday. Wow. Why? Agh. I just want to talk to her right now.
But so be it. Friday it is. I guess when it comes down to it, there are two things I want to broach and possibly a third but I don’t know about that one. First of all, the actual tie to Friday, I want to apologize for my lack of focus and really being there for her on Friday when she was telling me about the hard times she’s going through. I was at a lost for words and was worrying too much but her and I stuff, basically the second of the things that I want to talk to her about. I’ll probably broach it this way with her as in that I had some things that I was worrying about. I also just want to say how much I admire her and her courage and perseverance and determination to keep going despite the absolutely difficult thing that being pre-med is.
The second is obviously how I feel about her. How I’ll actually approach this I’m not sure. Though I think I will word it more as just telling her how I feel. Unless I decide to actually go through with the third thing...which is more so just asking her out, period, rather than just conveying my feelings. But ehh...we’ll see about all that…
Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson
