Sunday 5 October 2014
Dear Good Sir,
So...I had a interesting experience today at work. A student came in that needed help with scanning something. She had no clue how to do it, so I came over and helped her and walked her through it. During that process, from her initializing, we started talking, she saying that she just got back from a gap year as a missionary. It did not really click what she said, and I asked her how she got into that, and then she explained how she is a Latter Day Saint and was in Korea (South I’d assume) being a missionary for the church. 
We talked more and more as I helped her not only scan but print several copies of the score of music which I eventually had to do from my own account because her’s was not setup to do so. Once the process was coming to a close, she asked, after explaining that she would be performing this piece next week for Mormon event for all, saying that since I had gone through all of this trouble, that I should come by. I explained that it would be nice, but that my father would be coming in town that weekend, and I’d be busy. Then, before I even really realized what was happening, she asked well then could she get my number. I didn’t feel in the position to say no, so I gave it away, typing it into her phone. I had to stop myself from laughing out of “what is going on”-ness as I typed my number. And then, not long after she left.
As I walked back to my computer afterwards, I began to ask myself, “WHAT JUST HAPPENED.” It began to settle on me after a few moments as I looked back at the conversation. My universal politeness and friendliness and conversation continuance and questions were all likely interpreted as interest in Mormonism. Or maybe, it didn’t even matter what I may have expressed. She was just doing her missionary thing, which may be imprinted on her after being abroad for a year and a half as a missionary.
All I know is that I don’t know if this is the last of her. I honestly don’t know, one, why I gave her my number, and two, why she asked for it in the first place. She hasn’t sent or called afterwards, so I have no clue what she will do with it if anything. Don’t get me wrong, I really appreciated the nice conversation and the easy flow of it. And I am totally open to hearing new ideas and even the possibilities of these ideas changing me and I maybe even embracing some of them over time. But at the same time, that whole experience left me like, “WHAT JUST HAPPENED?!”
Day 3 of Smash 4 has continued my state of confusion over which characters to focus on. In fact, two characters, veterans of mine, have only been raised in possibility of picking them back up. Quite in fact, one of them, Yoshi specifically, I think I am for sure going to focus on; Marth I am not sure about. In terms of for sure mains, Megaman is the one. In terms of others, Duck Hunt stands out as a possibility for his interesting play style options and many lovely toys, but Ness, Link, ROB (maybe others) are up there too. Time will only tell who my mains will be (if I even worry about such things as focusing on only a few, heh).
Thanks, Marcus Francium (Potentially Mormon?!?!? Ha) Jackson
