Tuesday 30 September 2014
The first chapter that I read today was more on association links. This is essentially how the audio guide I listened to a few years ago started off. Links are great for lists that don't need to be numbered and lists that don't have elements somewhere in the middle that need to be accessed sometimes before others.
One thing that I liked that they pointed out is that lists can be broad in definition. Words could easily be seen as lists: a list of letters. This gives me the very practical and extraordinary idea of using links to help remember vocab for Japanese.
One issue would be would I really want to remember each vocab word by each individual letter of its spelling? Probably not. But a solution is creating pegs for each of the syllables since there is a very finite amount then use those for each word.
Another issue would be how to remember the first syllable or first association, an issue for link memorization in general. I think in general a solution is to link the first element in the list to whatever the source of the need of the list is. If you are memorizing the names of things this might mean associating the first element with an image of the thing.
In the case of memorizing Japanese vocab, this means associating the first element, in this case the first syllable, with the definition of the word. Then, if you are trying to remember a word, since it is often triggered by having the definition in mind first then wanting the word, you can easily move from the definition to the word. In the case of hearing the word and wanting to remember the definition, you'd want to be able to move backwards easily, so having a strong pair association would be best. 
After reading a few more chapters today, one of them on vocab/foreign languages in specific, I think I might slightly change my approach. Their strategy was basically just like with memorizing big words in a list in terms of breaking them down into smaller words of what they sound like in English and going from there. I might sort of use this approach as well though I’d also like to be sure I know the correct pronunciation very well, so I think I’ll use a mix of associating Japanese syllables and breaking words into small English words when applicable. The breaking down into smaller words approach really is effective, more than I was expecting before. Memorizing that list of random big words was just easy as anything else. Finding ways to work with kanji is the real need right now though.
From the multiple chapters read today, another takeaway is that overwriting previously created images/associations/things/etc might be easier than I first thought. They basically were saying in the book that we keep this associations and links as long as we need them, and once they lose their use, they fall away since we stop using them. Also, in general, I think when you exercise a specific image or peg for a new purpose, over time, it’ll start becoming the strongest association along those lines, over anything else, putting collisions in buckets away as a problem. I think the memory works just as we want. If we want to memorize a bunch of things even if it is in only a few buckets, we can do it because that’s what we have it do so it does it. In other words, the memory is spectacular, and I will just have to trust it.
After some thinking over the past few days, I am deciding as of right now at least for now, that I will not make an act for Crystal or anyone else right now. I will continue to be open in general, but I am not going to make an act. To be specific, by act, I mean along the lines of popping the question more than anything else. Part of it is that I am still not sure how Crystal feels or whether this is a good time for either of us for such things. Also, I almost want to stay open for Kyoto and beyond. But who knows!
Hearing the JET program guy that came in today during Japanese talk, really has got me going again. I feel more understanding of how I want to shape my future right now more than I ever have, at least any time recently. For one, I definitely want to go to Kyoto in the spring (though that was never up in the air), and I am starting to feel that I want to go for the BOSP-backed Japan internship for the summer. It’ll be easier to have arranged then all of the annoying processes with an American company, at this point at least. In terms of after graduation, I think I want to take a gap year or two of the JET program, all the while beginning my goals of making games to support myself. Eventually, I’d join the workforce grind if need be, but it would be my goal to not need to keep working to support my lifestyle. All just potentials at this point though. It’s nice to have some sort of plan though for once instead of ALWAYS having ABSOLUTELY no clue.
And to end, I vow to actually dream prime tonight before bed. As in right now. I am going to visualize my goal. My goal to fly. In the clouds, in the sky, everywhere. Fly, fly, fly. Through my efforts in memory practices lately, I see the sheer importance of visualization. So I think spending a few minutes of my time before bed for that purpose will be very much fruitful and useful to me. So let’s get to it.
