Saturday 15 November 2014
Dear Good Sir,
Like yesterday, I was feeling down again for some reason. Again related to Crystal stuff. This was affecting me all day but especially in the afternoon/evening, I guess when I was able to be thinking about it more when I was not very engaged with anything else. At a certain point when I was at the library, I started managing to figure out what was causing it. It’s a few things as I’d break down one, but feel like there was more because there was more.
A good bit of it is things that I am/was scared of. One big thing that I picked up on is that I am afraid that I made a big mistake yesterday. By that, I mean I think I made an error in logic last week in reasoning about those worries I had. One of the logic processes I went through was that I am not worried about the right now because of how everything turned out with Gina. And yes, that may be true, but I’ve noticed that a lot of the factors and situation elements here vs with Gina are very different. With Gina, it was just her and I that knew about that for the most part. Furthermore, with Gina, Gina gave me answer immediately. There was no time in between, i.e. we got to talk and debrief about it immediately. I have a half-worry of what if Crystal doesn’t give me an answer in person for some reason. That would prevent crucial debriefing unless I could manage to pull it through.
Another fear is that I am just causing her a whole lot of trouble right now with all of this. Something that I acknowledged last night and thought I dismissed last night. But apparently, it’s still around. I just feel bad. She has enough going on right now. Then I go and add this on top of it all. Is she ok? I feel doomed not to be able to see and check up on her until she gets back to me as I feel that if I reach out to her, it may be interpreted as me not being patient or trying to hurry her up or something when really I just want to see how she is doing.
(side note: words are just flying out of me right now and flowing into the typing that I am doing and it is REALLY cool. It has to do with my fatigue and hypnoemotions for sure. I just feel like I am just sitting back and watching my hands move and type as if I am not the one doing it)
Then, another cause of the feeling bad stems from feeling that I made a morally incorrect decision yesterday in telling her how I feel when she ended up having no idea and being totally taken by surprise. It has to do with feeling that there’s something wrong with the fact that she didn’t see this coming and that I’ve messed up in some way to allow this to be. 
Dude. This is all ridiculous. Especially the previous paragraph. First of all, how the heck would you know if she was going to see this coming or not? If she wasn’t picking up on it already then how ELSE would she best find out (besides randomness involved)? I wanted her to hear it from me before anyone else, so unless she figured out herself, there is no way she would know. So, there’s no way that what you did was wrong in any way. In fact, it was more of a right. A right that took a lot of courage on your part which I applaud you for. Also, anyway, I feel like in MANY cases, people do this of telling someone and it ends up surprising for the person. So again, there’s nothing wrong with what you did.
SO STOP FEELING BAD AND JUST BE PATIENT ALREADY.
Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson
