Saturday 8 November 2014
Dear Good Sir,
So, you probably won’t believe this. But guess where I am regarding Crystal? I want to tell her how I feel. As soon as possible. Yeah. Like what the actual hell? How the HELL did I get where I am right now?
I guess it would be the “ina” duo: Gina and Mina. Gina last night and Mina tonight. I journaled about my discussions with Gina last night already, so it’s tonight that I shall discuss. After a fun game of Scrabble with Mina, we were just sitting around, so I decided to ask her opinion on close friends that go the dating direction. After her responses, I was stuck in the position that I knew that I’d be in, with her curious why I asked and such. Eventually, without telling her who, I started going into how I have been deliberating for awhile.
Eventually, in addition to just listening to about stuff with her and Dan and how that worked out in terms of her first saying something to Dan, I started going into my three worries though not systemically. The biggest one of the risk came out clearly and on its own. What got me to not worry about this so much was one, realizing that for one, the only thing that I am really worried about is the future, not the right now. By that I mean that I am not worried about the immediate possibilities of what could happen from telling Crystal how I feel. As in, either way it could go (assuming there’s only two directions?), I’d eventually be okay, in a don’t even need to worry about it right now way. One of the bigger things to realize this was to remember where Gina and I are now because of me deciding to say how I feel. As in, we wouldn’t be where we were without and I’d probably still be pondering whether to say something, etc.
What I am really worried about in terms of risk is what is incorporated in my second worry of what I journaled last night (i.e. the first has been nullified and now we move on to the second). Basically, I am worried of things moving along and working out at first but then I realizing later that I made a mistake and wanting to turn around or meeting someone else or etc etc. Basically just a worry of something happening down the line that would make things possibility go sour. What eventually made me push this worry away enough was realizing that one, there is nothing about Crystal, right now anyway, that would make me want to turn around. So it would have to be some outside influence. And if that happened, I think talking honestly about that, especially early, could help lower the potential risk of such a thing occurring. Not a great solution to the worry, but it’s enough to want to take action.
And if you noticed, I answered the third worry in that paragraph too of worrying about compatibility, etc. So that means all three worries are nullified or at least enough for me to feel comfortable telling Crystal how I feel. Which is how I’ve ended up in this state that I mentioned at the start. So yeah. The plan currently is to just ask Crystal when’s the next time she’s free then try to tell her how I feel during that time. And when I say tell her how I feel, I mean just that, not going for anything else yet. Though I guess I’m open to that too. I also want to apologize for my lack of being a good friend Friday night, worrying too much about the things on my head to be able to focus on her and at least support her better than I did regardless if I can fix her problems with the snap of my fingers or not.
So yeah, we’ll see how things go. I definitely want to talk to her SOON though. So try to make that happen soon without conveying anything to her that anything is up. Good luck.
Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson
gotta be a better friend on many levels
desire to try acting
