Thursday 20 November 2014
Dear Good Sir,
I joined SOOP tonight in watching the documentary, Dreams of a City, which is about East Palo Alto. And wow, what a great documentary. There were parts that caused me to want to break into tears for various reasons. I didn’t realize just how much history there is in this city from back towards the trans-continental to the post-Civil Rights movement and so on, in addition to the racial makeup of EPA having changed so many times over the decades.
Besides the wonderful learning about East Palo Alto, watching this documentary has granted me something else. While watching the part of the documentary when EPA was predominantly African-American, I started just admiring the African-American race as a whole and eventually started deciding to myself that I need to stop hiding and explore my racial identity, especially while I am still here at Stanford.
What does this entail? I’m not quite sure to be honest, but it would certainly involve getting active in some way with the Black Community here. I’ve distanced myself from it over the past few years a little too much. It’s time that I finally do more to explore who I am. It would be nice to attend some workshop/discussions about racial identity and such. I honestly don’t know where to begin to make this happen and in a lot of ways, I feel that I should wait till next year to do this and just make it a priority then when I can try to join in at the beginning of the year. I’d be down to be honest to make exploring my racial identity one of those things on my list of things senior year to just really dive into (the same list that includes joining a play). 
But at the same time, I feel like I should start getting involved immediately while I am actually inspired. I’m not sure. I guess one thing that could help is reaching out to someone that I know that has an active role and see what they think I should to get involved or ask about workshop/discussions pertaining particularly to racial identity or something. Vander and the Ujamaa RF, Mrs. Alexander, are two people that come to mind immediately. I’ll think more about this in the weeks to come. 
Keep this inspiration alive, bro! Let’s stop hiding from the past.
Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson
