Monday 29 September 2014
Dear Tomato Bro,
The CS 221 lectures lately have been struggle buses for me. As in, I don’t really know what’s going on. I went today’s hoping that I could survive not really understanding last Wednesday’s lecture, which worked at first, but I fell under again, perhaps, not even because of not understanding last week but just because I don’t understand what’s going on too much. It’s not even math math really, but just lots and lots of terms and not knowing what all is going on with a lot of it and such.
I think through office hours and the help of others, I might be able to work things out. What’s really scary though is that this 221 not-really-math-math is giving me trouble, and I haven’t even really gotten it from 229 yet which is actually supposed to be math math. Which gives me big second thoughts about 229. And I haven’t even seen the first pset yet. But if I want to drop 229 then I have to add another class, one that I haven’t been to the first week...
After lots of thinking, I think the current plan is to jump back into 131, at least for now. According to David, I haven’t missed much the past two lectures anyway. Plus, David. Having someone that you can work with, especially that is right there, is always good, something I don’t currently have for 229. The first 131 pset is due Friday, but that is doable. The 229 pset isn’t even out yet anyway, so I won’t be taking on a huge load from this all. After seeing and maybe attempting the 229 pset, once it’s out, I’ll make a decision about which class to drop. Or I’ll do both…? No please…
I went to the BOSP office hours today and talked to the program advisor and then a student advisor. They answered my questions and more. I am so much less worried about the application as a whole, one due to my place in second year Japanese versus first year, and also my super legitimate reasons for wanting to go to Japan and my lots and lots of obvious commitment to such a thing, etc. I’m in a real good place.
Also, just talking to the student advisor eased any worries I had about the program, and also very much about the internship part during the summer. I am highly considering going for it even if it can’t work out for Team Lab. Having the support of BOSP would be nice since trying to work out everything, at least for a first time, could be difficult on my own. And this all sounds better than doing something in the states for sure. And hey, if the BOSP internship is only 8 weeks, I could even try to arrange something relatively short with Team Lab for afterwards or something. We shall see. There’s also VIA, but I don’t know about that, ha.
In one of my many moments in Mina’s room today, I heard Cameron talk about people he knows who are somehow making livings off of writing books and selling them via Amazon eBook services instead of publishing and his aspirations of writing/making movies/etc on the side along work until he can support himself completely with that. This has really fired up my desire to do something similar but with making games on the side and eventually being able to support myself completely with that. Having royalties as my income would totally free myself up to be able to work and live anywhere in the world. Yeah. So let’s have this be my current future aspirations. At least for now anyway. Something to look forward and focus on.
I started reading the memory book today that I’ve had for quite awhile, but I’m finally reading it. I will try to read a chapter a day and reflect on it every night. Today’s chapter (excluding the short history one) was about associations in general, which I have learned about a good bit on my own but was still nice to read. They had an exercise of memorizing a list of 10 things similar to what I did with that audio thing I listened to a few years ago. And I easily memorized it in seconds which is fun. 
Their strategy for associations is similar to what I’ve learned previously in terms of creating some image or story between the two things. What’s different is that they start with the first two and create one image between them. Then they take the second and third and create a separate image with those. And so on. The difference between what I’ve been doing, for example with memorizing pi, is that they just have several separate images. Separate in that they aren’t connected like I do with creating a continuous story.
I see some pros and cons of what they do. One huge strength of their way is that it allows them to easily go backwards and in general know what is on the sides of each element easily. I suppose being able to go backwards in a list doesn’t seem super useful at first glance, but I am sure there are some practicalities. On top of it maybe increasing your overall memorization of the list in general. Also, one use of backwards would be with the periodic table and being able to both go from number to element and element to number, the element to number part which is a bit difficult for me to some extent, but for various reasons.
One con I see of their strategy is that I feel like there could be a problem of not being able to remember the association between the current element and the next after doing the previous. I think of it like pointers and data. Sure, we can memorize things well a lot of the time and the data is pretty much always there. But, for example with the names of people sometimes, we just can’t trigger the data. Or we can’t find the pointer to that data and therefore can’t remember it. I feel that doing the associations in a connected stories allows for triggers for the next association and the next association until the end which makes it easier to always go on to the next element.
But perhaps, with these image based associations, the problem of not being able to find the pointer to the data isn’t such a problem. Maybe they are right in that it’ll just come to you. And with practice over time too, it might be easy to strengthen remembering the next association and the next without a continuous flow. Or maybe, I can do both together in that having a strong image between the first two elements and a strong image for the second and third, and then connect those two separate images through some “story” sort of thing. Let’s try all of this out in the future.
As you may know, my dream goal (dream dream?) is to fly. Fly in the skies. In the clouds. Over the sea. Through cities and buildings. Fly. But not just fly. Fly LUCIDLY. Please think about this and remember this goal as I fall asleep and during the night. Let’s lucid dream and fly.
