Friday 14 November 2014
Dear Good Sir,
Well. I did it. And the verdict is: deferred? Or at least, much closer to that than either accept or reject. Before I really get into that I guess I should start at the beginning. I made a foolish error these past few days in failing to think about the fact that instead of just creating a plan, I should also start the steps of making sure that the plan works for her BEFORE the day of. I texted her this morning to try to set the plan I created the other day in action, but it quickly fell through the roof when she said she wasn’t free in the evening. 
I had to scramble and scramble to rethink what to do here. Eventually, we just decided to meet in the afternoon without a meal. Which turned out to be probably a good thing. After some mental preparation, I headed out before 2 in order to scout out if the Oval would be a good place or not. Passing by showed me yes, yes it most definitely would be especially since it didn’t look crowded.
After walking out some nervous energy, I arrived at the center of the quad to find Crystal already there. We walked over to the Oval, I feeling slightly strange about it just because of the strange nature of where we were headed to, and she seemingly picking up on that. Then, we sat and she asked me what’s going on, explaining that she hasn’t been sure if something happened to me or what. I began talking first about last Friday and apologized for feeling distracted that day. Then, moved into the second thing which happened to be what I was distracted: that I like her quite a lot, then I added that I can’t keep that to myself anymore.
I watched her face for her reaction, but had trouble reading it but understood what she expressed in saying that she was very surprised. So that’s what it is. She apparently did not see this coming. At all. Shock continued to spread through her. I honestly at that moment didn’t know where anything was going anymore. She funnily gave a disclaimer of not knowing how to respond or what to do now, and I quickly responded neither did I. I couldn’t even really read how she was taking this besides surprise. Or perhaps, that’s all it is at this point.
After some thinking, I totally understand. She told me that this is her first anything. So she probably isn’t going around suspecting people much, let alone me. Then for me to suddenly do this. She doesn’t even know what to think or anything. She just expressed over and over her surprise and that she would need time to process this. I started feeling bad that I was causing her more stress than she was already under. She said this week has already been a lot with life stuff happening everywhere. And now this. I guess I can’t really hold myself too much as I had no way of knowing what would happen. But, that doesn’t stop me from feeling bad though.
Eventually, she said she just wanted to go back her room so she could try to process all of this. I figured this would probably be this thing as well. On the way walking back to the quad, I stressed that she shouldn’t feel any pressure to rush but that she should take all the time in the world to process and think. If that means a few weeks or even more, then it’ll just be that way. I can get over myself. 
Ugh though. This outcome is one of the things that I honestly did not account for or prepare myself for. I was totally ready for either accept or reject. But then this third option appears that I hadn’t considered. I guess I was just ready to find out what would happen. Not to be told not yet. I was generally ok earlier today, but still went out to try to chill out and walked around Lake Lag a bit then checked out the Windhover Contemplation Center where I meditated for who knows how long. That’s where I finally did a little processing.
How I feel right now, hmm. I don’t even know exactly. I am a bit surprised myself I guess to some extent. I wasn’t expecting this outcome as I’ve said. I guess I’m also a bit down that I need to wait. But at the same time, what’s such a big deal about waiting? I just waited a week fine when I had the expectation of finding out by the end of the week. And now, I don’t have any idea when I’ll learn what the true verdict is, so waiting shouldn’t even be considered waiting at this point. I know that I am TOTALLY for her taking all the time she could possibly need, so let’s truly respect that in terms of myself too and drop the whole feeling bad thing. 
I know it’s not that simple per se, but I’m just saying that I don’t really see what there’s to feel bad about. It seems like part of it is that you are feeling some of thing the feelings that you’d feel if it was reject. But it’s not reject? Not at this point anyway. So come on, dude. Drop the empty feeling, and let’s be the super patient person that I am known to be.
Also, thank you, dude. You were awesome today. There was basically no hesitation. Certainly not 4 hours!! I am proud of how you’ve changed and look forward to seeing how you continue to change and grow in the future. I know you know that life is good, so just make sure you don’t forget.
Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson
