Wednesday 1 October 2014
I’ve been noticing, especially since I started recording again, that I have been having lots of gas lately, seemingly since I got back to the states. I am still trying to pinpoint the cause of this gas. One suspect is cereal, but for the sole reason that it’s the only thing that I can think of that I’ve been having practically everyday. I’m not sure why cereal would be causing me gas, especially when I’ve not noticed such a thing in the past.
Another theory that just occurred to me is that maybe it’s because my diet has changed a good bit since I got back. My diet at Stanford is practically all greenery stuff with other things not quite to such an extent or volume. Perhaps, all of this greenery takes a bit of adjusting to digest more comfortably and without gas or something. Or maybe it’s something else who knows. The best thing I can say for now is to just continue to watch and see if anything changes without you changing any of the variables manually.
I did quite a lot of kanji memorizing today, instigated due to the kanji quiz tomorrow. But besides that, it’s actually been really fun and sort of want to do it more. I also want to memorize more vocab too. Memorizing things in general is just a lot of fun. These memory system stuff is just fun. I really wish I was aware of this stuff back in grade school. I would have literally had gotten 100’s on anything memory-based (yeah, I mean you American Studies fill-in-the-blank questions). But I’m here at Stanford regardless, so I guess it has worked out anyway. And I am aware of all of this now, and that’s all that matters. Keep memorizing, bro!
In terms of memorizing kanji and tango, one thing I was thinking about previously was creating a series of peg-like things sort of like with the numbers but associating some image/thing with each syllable, that way, I’d always have something tangible to use for memorizing new tango and kanji. The kanji would still take some work and memorizing the radicals would definitely help. But there are quite a lot of syllables, so I’m not sure. But heck, I memorized 100 pegs, so I guess in comparison it really can’t be much since it’s definitely no more than like 50 or 60 depending on how I want to handle the extra syllables from the accent thing. Think about it. It might take some front-end heavy work, but it might be useful for years to come with memorizing and really keeping new tango and kanji.
I’ve been noticing myself doing work at breaking down some of the social fears that have plagued me for years. Basically, it is coming in the form of getting myself to do things which is generally my biggest problem. I am generally perfectly fine once I am put into the situation, it’s just actually starting the situation or going to the event or whatever that gives me trouble. One tangible example today was going to Selamile’s room-warming. I didn’t have anyone to go to, and I didn’t have any idea who’d be there, meaning to some extent in terms of supports, I went to it without anything guaranteed and no good probability of getting any. And it was fine. What’s really helping is getting myself to do it then once I am there, seeing that it isn’t so bad and in fact kinda good after all. Keep it up!
I am going to try to take a better focus and shift the bad keeping-everything-lifewise-straight path that I’ve been heading in the past week since I’ve gotten back. My focus just really hasn’t been on what’s important all the time especially in terms of my health in different areas. One area has been physical which I still haven’t ran yet though I have done a few dedicated biking excursions. On top of that, sleep was in focus last week, but has fallen in priority the past few days. And perhaps, the biggest has been keeping up with schoolwork. I understand it happens, but it doesn’t help when I literally am not even trying to move forward with it, but am focused on too many other things that aren’t necessarily super productive (i.e. gaming). If anything, working on games should be the focus of my free/not-work time. I am going to start trying to go back towards the spread of goals I wrote out before the quarter and use that to try to move back in a direction I’m more ok with. Sleep and dream focus is one big thing, and I am going to run in the morning. Let’s go!
Speaking of sleep and dreams, I am actually going to listen to my good idea of SITTING UP and visualizing before sleep instead of trying to do it laying down. Because I definitely failed last night with it. And I am actually going to remember some dreams too. Let’s add lucid dreaming to the equation too. You’ve got this!
Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson
