Thursday 9 October 2014
Dear Good Sir,
I have finally confirmed how you feel about Crystal. The question now really is will you act. I was randomly looking back at some journal entries from last summer and realized that it was YOU that decided to decisively take action before. I forgot that it all started from you. Yes, different circumstances and such, but YOU made the decision ultimately. In other words, you’ve done it before. 
But you seem very hesitant. I think this hesitation sprouts mostly from the same thing that was causing you hesitation in the past: worrying about “limiting yourself” or closing off future opportunities that may be more right or something. Or in general just wondering if this is the right thing, etc. I have no real answer for this issue, but I can say that I don’t think you should allow this from stopping you as you’ll never really ever know if this is the “right” decision. Really there is no “right” decision.
Life presents you with a series of paths, and you have the honorable privilege and responsibility to decide which paths to go down. Something else you mentioned before was that taking action is really like exploring. You don’t know what is down the path of taking action. But deciding to go that way or taking the other way both are forms of exploration. Perhaps, it would be best not to get so caught up in which way to go, but to tackle this from more the perspective not going down either path for some expectation. Instead, choose the way you want to go out of the perspective of exploration and exploration alone. And really, while both paths, action or no action, provide opportunities for exploration, I’d argue that the path of action provides greater opportunity for exploration and different experience. 
Now, one thing that jumped out at me earlier when reading that old entry was that did I really decide before to take action out of the desire for exploration? Did I really make such an important decision for that alone? That is part of what continues to make me hesitant with even exploration in mind. I feel like I am making a decision for the wrong reasons or something. That I am not being mature or a real adult about it or something. 
I don’t know. I don’t know if exploration is good enough of a reason to action. I don’t know if you even need to have reason enough to take action. Maybe this whole thing really is a process of irrationality. Maybe loving is irrational. Maybe I can’t really come to a rational decision in general. Maybe if I want to eventually take action, I need to let go of wanting to feel rational and having good reason for my decision to take action. 
Do I even deep down want to take action? I’d say yes. Especially based on your desire for some third party to help the progress along somehow. As I was saying the other day, I’ll be that third party for you. I’ll take a step to move it along. Just give me the okay. Or maybe I need to just take that prerogative. Who knows. We’ll see soon, I guess.
Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson
