Thursday 13 November 2014
Dear Good Sir,
After listening to another Serial episode today, I am left unsure about where the podcast can go from here. I didn’t really think so before, but I am almost certain now that we will never get the answers that we want, the true happenings of that day Hae was killed. I know for a fact that the story(ies, and the fact that I have to add a potential plural really says so) presented in the Jay interviews and trial are not the completely accurate happenings of that day. But I just see no possible way for Sarah or anyone for that matter to suddenly produce something to reveal the truth and to reveal what were lies.
Before this episode, I was empathizing with Adnan, not because I necessarily think he’s innocent, but because I think he was convicted without enough evidence. I think that it was a fluke of many different things that the jury was able to decide to convict with the story and evidence presented at the trials.
After this episode, I empathize with both Adnan and Jay. Jay now because, whether there is more to the story that he is not telling us or not, I really have to admire and feel for what he went through. It was REALLY hard to listen to the clips have him being cross-examined on the stand by Adnan’s lawyer, Christina Gutierrez. Her approach was just cringing with the way she spoke and questioned Jay and was literally trying to make him break. Her voice rings in my head. And from a race perspective, it complicates things even more as here is this white lady cross-examining a black guy on the stand and “screaming in his ear” practically. I can totally understand if the jury sympathized with him after having to watch hours of this. And the fact that he did not break despite the way she was treating him just leaves reason to at least admire him if not believe him.
The quote said by someone in the podcast that was interviewed of “then who DID do it?” really is the question that really captures how everyone must feel at this point. And if we expect to figure that out then we might as well stop listening. I’m not sure what the purpose of this podcast is anymore from the producer’s perspective, but I feel like all it has done and can do from here is reveal a lot of flaws in the judicial system and make us think about the nature of memory and witnesses and testimonies and interrogations and trials. There is A LOT more to all of it then it might seem from a distance.
Before I can get to answering the question of how for tomorrow, I think I should first answer the question of why. Earlier, I did some re-reading of journals from this week, and I see that I have already written some on this subject of why. But I suppose to be slightly more formal based on what is to go down tomorrow, I’ll pour out everything right now.
Why I like Crystal. I have not really thought about this in a well-defined way before. I’m not sure I’ve done this for anyone before. One thing for sure is her kind nature. Crystal has to be one of the nicest people that I know without a doubt. Caring, polite, compassionate, the whole bill. I can’t necessarily think of an example just like that, but it’s just her way of being in general. I know people usually say this about guys more so, but she’s the type of person that you’d take home to mom as in an overall great, kind, funny individual. There’s obviously something about her that made me latch on and want to continue to see her after freshman year for no other reason besides enjoying her presence.
Crystal is also someone that I really trust. I mentioned my counseling of the past year to her this quarter without a thought. She’s just someone that I don’t have to think twice about telling something personal like that. She’s the type of person that just deserves your trust because she’s the good person type of person that just wouldn’t do anything innately wrong because that’s just who she is. A good-doer.
I also have an immense respect and admiration for the determination and dedication that she is showing in being pre-med. If there’s one thing that I can tell you about being pre-med, is that it is really REALLY tough on so many levels. Not just the intensity and rigor of the classes, but also the fact that you go through this intense 4 years of these classes but then still don’t really know if you’ll get into a med school once that time comes. You have to dedicate yourself to it without knowing what the results will be. As in, go through without knowing if it’ll be worth it. It’s scary. Yet, despite how scary she finds it which she has pointed out to me before, she’s staying true and not letting this stop her. What perseverance!
Besides these things, she seems like she would be a wonderful mother, she has international background and experience and some in terms of interest, she is fun to be around. She is the type of person that it would be easy to communicate openly and freely with in terms of feelings too which would probably be good criteria for someone to date. I think I will call all of this sufficient for why I feel the way I do.
In terms of how for tomorrow, I’d say text her in the morning asking if she is free in the afternoon/evening and ask if I can meet her at FloMo at 4 and we talk outside and later after that get dinner. Then assuming yes’s, at 4, we walk over to Lake Lag and to the center where we sit and talk openly. I will first apologize about last Friday and express my respect and admiration for her perseverance in being pre-med and give my full support. From there, I will move into explaining what it was that was distracting and worrying me last Friday, then express that I want to be honest with her and tell her how I feel. From there, you can move straight into popping the question if it seems right. I don’t necessarily want to have too definite a plan regarding that point, but I definitely plan to pop the question if everything is right. If all goes as planned in that direction, then I’ll probably ask if we can get dinner out, but that again is something that can be played by ear and be based on how things go before that.
Thank you for your never-ending support, especially this week in keeping me going despite having to wait until Friday. I have full faith in you and in tomorrow. No matter what happens, I’m always here for you, and I think she is too.
Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson
the question of how
	but first, how do you really feel i.e. the question of why
a “script”
