Monday 10 November 2014
Dear Good Sir,
My desire to talk to Crystal right now rather Friday has still been pressing me all day. I want to look at this more closely. Why am I so eager to tell her how I feel? I don’t feel like I’ve been this way in the past with such endeavors. What’s different about this time? I suppose I should be more specific about what I mean about eager. I mean I have actually been feeling bad yesterday and today that I have to wait until Friday. As in impatience and annoyed. I just really want to tell her. There is practically NO nervousness or hesitation with it either.
Which is odd. I don’t feel like I’ve ever been so eager, maybe even excited, for confessing my feelings for someone. Like this is strange and a big deal. And after doing some research via my journals, I don’t think it’s ever been this extent. Certainly in terms of nervousness. It was hard to tell from the case of Q but there was at least some hesitancy at the time of the actual popping the question. In the case of G and A, there was definitely some nervousness (G without a doubt, 4+ hours hahaha). But in this case, I don’t really feel worried one bit or nervous.
I think one thing is that I have no worries about the outcome of expressing how I feel. If she feels the same way then AWESOME YAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! But if she doesn’t feel quite the same way, that’s okay too. I am okay with this second outcome because of what happened with Gina. Of course, there’ll still be some disappointment in that case, but I’ll be ok in the end. So I think because of both results not causing me any worry, I am not nervous or worried about expressing how I feel.
And beyond that, I think I am almost excited and want it to be right now because I want to find out what will happen. I am really curious of the outcome. Does Crystal feel the same way about me? Am I about to embark on a journey with her (one that could last a lifetime, or do we not want to even broach that at this point?)? I can’t wait to find out. I am excited honestly. I think also I am so excited because of how different this is. Never before have I looked forward so much to confessing my feelings. And to have no nervousness about it really. WOW. I have changed and grown so much. You’ve got this, bro! I just need to figure out the when, where, how…
Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson
