Thursday 30 October 2014
Dear Good Sir,
Since I was on a bit of a journaling respite last week for whatever reason, you probably wouldn’t know from journaling that I got accepted to BOSP Kyoto, woohoo!!! But yeah. I kinda saw it coming which I especially realized was the way I felt after seeing my reaction to first finding out. Of course, I was excited. But it was more of a confirmation than a taken by surprise. BUT HECK YEAH, I’M GOING TO KYOTO!!!
It’s been however long now since I last wrote about this, but I am nowhere closer to knowing how I feel or what I want to do regarding Ms. Crystal. I still have the BIGGEST desire to tell Allie on Saturday how I feel so that I can just get the ball rolling all of a sudden. But at the same time, I realize that that is probably not the best idea. If I am not comfortable moving things along completely on my own first then, it’s probably not a good idea to start some other force moving me in that direction. I should come to reach that place on my own. Or not reach that place if that’s not how it ends up, and that, at the end of the day, is ok too. So keep moving along and we’ll figure out things when we figure them out.
So on Tuesday this week, an idea that has been around for a bit finally lit up and is just going now. The idea of Dr&Dr. Or Strategy VS as it has been code named for now. The idea for Dr&Dr began during the summer at some point when I thought about using the same style system and such from D&D for a player vs player tactical battle game. It grew more when I started thinking about why isn’t there any tactical battle games that are played like people play fighting games. Ray-Ray told me when I asked about this Kickstarter game that is in development called Duelyst that is tackling that exact question and trying to make a game that fits the bill. Before I had heard of Duelyst, I was thinking about tailoring Dr&Dr in that direction, but after hearing about it, I put the idea away for a bit but noting to come back to it soon.
Until Tuesday, when I finally did. First on Tuesday, I was just looking at and reading about Duelyst, and I totally think it’ll be an awesome game. But I also have some ideas of my own for a game fitting the same bill and hey, I wanna just go for it. So that is what Strategy VS is and will be. The name change came from eventually feeling that while I’ll borrow a few things from D&D, I don’t want to force myself into borrowing more than I want. I want complete flexibility in deciding how to shape Strategy VS.
The basic idea for the game is to make a very fast, competitive, tactical, strategic RPG-like PvP battle game. It has twisted and changed over the past few days and there are a few paragraphs I’ve written about the original idea on Tuesday, so I will just write what it is right now. The requirement for the game that really has made Strategy VS take off in the direction that it is going right now is the desire to make the game fast. My idea to make that happen is one, to make it a real time speed system like FFV or FFX-2. But the even bigger part is to make the input system or the way that the player interacts and enters in all of the decision for the game as easy and quick to use as possible. The main way of doing this is completely losing all concept of menus and instead mapping out decisions more like a fighting game would with different buttons being used for different attacks and that’s about it.
The game is still definitely in early stages of brainstorming and such, but I’ve made some good progress over the past day or two, so it is quickly going. Keep going. I love the idea of this game and I really want to just play it myself more than just wanting to make it for others. I definitely will constantly be thinking about how I’d want this game to be to play it myself the whole time. Because when it comes down to it, that’s really all that matters at this point. For me and my friends and such to enjoy it. That’s all the goal I need right now.
Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson
