Wednesday 29 October 2014
Dear Good Sir,
I hate to say this, ESPECIALLY when I haven’t journaled in a whole week. But honestly right now in this moment, I can understand how anger could drive a person to commit murder or some other heinous act. The anger that is flowing through me or at least that was 5 minutes ago is like none I can remember, at the least. It was brought on by the lack of being fixed the bug in my 221 assignment that I was working on. There’s a bit of context that goes into what led up to this and all that I don’t really feel like going into at the moment but just understand that it suddenly occurred to me that it had been at least 90 minutes since I decided to take up the stupid decision of trying to fix this bug in the first place when I didn’t really need to. Anger was just flowing through me as I got up and went to brush my teeth. I honestly wanted to FUCKING SMASH something. To break the computer. To flip my desk. All sorts of horrible things, I was so angry.
I COMPLETELY surprised myself though in my ability to control this anger. There wasn’t even a chance of losing control and performing one of the horrible things that I wanted to do out of anger. I have some sort of completely unbreakable self-control when it comes to anger it seems that honestly protects me from doing anything out of control. I don’t understand what it is or how it got there really. Part of it seems to have to do with my practices in meditation as I was aware at the time of the anger in general and think about alternatives to performing angry acts and instead meditating and being with the anger. I didn’t end up going to meditate or anything, but I was thinking about this and in general just watching the anger and thinking about all the things that I wanted to do but being in control and not doing them.
I am writing this to help myself remove any amount more of the anger and just move on. I am still fucking pissed at this damned assignment and at programming in general for causing such ridiculous things. And for the assignment sheet and Piazza not explaining what to do about the thrashing of Pacman. And stressing out and barely turning in my assignment 1 minute before the deadline due to my phone being the jerk of the year, then realizing 5 minutes later that I forgot to change back a line of code which renders the extra credit part likely useless. But I digress at this point.
Thank you for just being with my anger instead of acting out of it. I REALLY do appreciate that.
Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson
