Sunday 19 October 2014
Dear Good Sir,
So. After my fun-filled retreat yesterday, I got back today still thinking about Crystal and what to do since I was up sort of outside under the stars last night thinking about it all. I even saw a shooting star (my first ever I believe) and wished upon it. To solve the troubling decision I am in. Yeah, that sure happened today. Not.
I had dinner tonight with Gina which was wonderful getting to catch up, especially over a nice drive and over ramen. I don’t want to cloud over this catch up with this but I am short on time so I should skip straight to this. Gina explained to me tonight that she and Zach broke up. This was quite surprising to me as I thought they were doing well, but apparently not completely though the break up was mutual. My focus from this point was just being there for her despite the increased number of questions I now had. I had already been planning to possibly bring up Crystal or at least ask her what she thought about dating friends. But then she tells me about this (also, again, don’t get me wrong, my focus is on her being ok but I am not necessarily going to go into all of her details right here right now).
What’s troubling about hearing this is that it just doesn’t help with my feeling okay asking out Crystal. Especially in the unclearness of whether Gina and Zach will continue as friends. No, they don’t fit that bill as having been close friends before, but I am just looking at this and seeing, wow, even they may not continue on as friends after this. These two that I thought were really close. Also, she talked a lot about Zach was talking about chemistry a lot and such which made me think more about whether I really fill Crystal and I have good chemistry.
So after all of this, I am really not far away from calling off all of it actually. As in, not just remaining inactive in asking her out, but calling off even considering it further. It’s just that I think I would honestly much rather just be really close friends with Crystal then put our friendship at risk through a relationship. Which is sad, as I am totally neglecting the growth and increased everything that could come from a relationship potentially. Earlier today, I was totally not even recognizing the fact that there are 3 possibilities from starting a relationship: being lovers forever, breaking up and not being friends, and the third that I neglected being breaking up but continuing to be friends.
At this point, I feel safer ONLY dating people that I wouldn’t call close friends. As in mostly people that I have met recently or just don’t know well in general. As in that will be my focus. I haven’t COMPLETELY forsaken hope of asking out Crystal, but if that were to happen, I probably wouldn’t feel okay until next year or even later. I don’t even know. Honestly, I just want to say forget. Let’s just be the best of closest friends. Why risk something that is already great?
Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson
