Saturday 6 December 2014
Dear Good Sir,
Earlier tonight, I had started writing to you about a decision I was having trouble making. But that has sort of passed now, with the decision never made, but conceited into indecision land and too late to act. The decision was regarding whether I wanted to go to the protest tonight. I heard about it offhand and as hearsay from Dan an hour or two before it was supposed to be starting. For whatever reason, I didn’t get an email about it though which makes this last minute sort of thing especially since I was already at Cbae at this point and all. 
On top of the last minute feel of it (though I guess I did find out about the other one with amount the same time frame), I read an article about another killing this week by a white police officer of a black male, this one, at first seeming like it may not be as unjustified as the others, but then after further reading seems even worse in the sense that it almost seems like the police are trying to change the story and cover up this one (as if that hasn’t happened in the rest of the cases too).
But it was that and having a conversation with JPang about the perspective from the police’s side that had me thinking about the idea of what if the protesting is partly about one thing that I don’t feel the same way about but then is also protesting about something I do feel strongly about. By protesting, I am tacitly supporting both regardless if I say to myself that I am going only to support the thing that I am supporting. Do I not protest because I am not on board, or do I still protest because I have responsibility to the part that I do support?
When it comes down to it, I don’t really have any problem with anything they are protesting for. I think what was making me hesitant tonight was more so just worrying about potential legal consequences of protesting. Which is legit I suppose. But what was really causing the problem was feeling bad about this being the case. Feeling that I can’t let something like this stop me as this is the organizers’ biggest issue of people getting too scared to protest. And especially in this case, I don’t necessarily have much too worry about. Nothing happened to suggest legal consequences would be more likely. I just actually started thinking about such things instead of rushing into it like last time.
Well anyway, I ended up letting it go too past 8 in deciding which prevented me from being able to go at all. Also, I started to reason that I wasn’t fit to protest tonight anyway as I wasn’t in the right mental space for it. Yes, I need to be a bit faster in the future in reaching a decision and mentally preparing myself for the activity. Creating some sort of heuristic or something right now that can help me make a decision faster in the future would help. I guess I’ll just say it now: the next time a protest is announced or I hear about it as hearsay, I will act on it regardless as long as I don’t have an important commitment in the way such as a final (not sure about meetings as I could justify my way out of that in some cases at least). I will hold myself to that. You must also be in the proper mental space though. I do expect a better effort in reaching that space as soon as possible if the other conditions meet though. I believe in you and your ability to protest and demonstrate! A second civil rights movement could be upon us, bro! Think about it. You could be a part of this. WHOA. It’s crazy, but it could really be the case. Stay alert and stay informed please.
Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson
