Thursday 22 January 2015
Dear Good Sir,
I am writing this the morning after, but hopefully that doesn’t matter really. I just wasn’t doing so well after getting back home last night, so I made myself go to sleep instead of stressing over journaling or whatever. I still can’t claim to be doing so well right now. Though I’m not quite sure why. Last night had seemed to be going pretty well. 
I had dinner with Chelsea which turned out really well. The care and concern and support that she exuded still amazes me. We started with a prayer over our food, and then I tried to hold the conversation over her experience on the retreat as long as possible, but it didn’t take long for her to keep pushing to ask me about Monday, after explaining that she knew pretty quickly about it on Monday and figured that I was there after realizing Jemima was there too. Apparently, she was there after midnight to pick up Jemima. 
So I put down my food and proceeded to do that, focusing mostly on post-arrest stuff and mostly on the past few days more than anything. I told her about my disconnection and fear about telling people. She started giving me support pretty quickly, one thing she repeating being that “my heart is in the right place”, in other words that regardless of the controversy of what we did Monday, I took part for good reasons and for a good cause, and at that’s what really matters.
Also, in terms, worrying about telling people or receiving disapproval about our actions, she thinks that I shouldn’t worry about others might say and in terms of people’s ignorance, instead of hating them for it, I should do the opposite and love them for the ignorance. Or more so, meet them with kindness and love regardless of their ignorance instead of being angry with them. To ask them what they’d suggest doing instead and ask how they have been getting involved and what they can do next time, etc. I feel like if I’m going to go that way, I need to be careful myself of being judgmental in the sense of, so what have you been doing to help, sort of thing.
Again, I want to point out my awe for the care and concern that she exhibited for me. It just felt very real and she seemed very hurt by seeing me down like this and I could feel she really wanted to see me better. I even reached the point, possibly as a result of all of this, after she returned from getting dessert (when she accidentally brought 3 spoons and we BOTH joked that the third could be for the Lord), that I spontaneously decided to test the waters regarding Selma. It was definitely more of a test the waters and kind of slide the idea out there than anything as I didn’t directly say anything regarding let’s go see it together or anything, but more so asked had she seen it and would she be able to see it on the weekends or something. But is apparently busy both of the next weekends which is part of the reason that I didn’t push it any further. 
I guess the hope is sort of that maybe she or I will bring it up later or something. Though on that subject, I think that I have decided that while I definitely like her and all, that I don’t want to take any action this quarter and would rather wait till the fall to really consider doing anything. Which yes, is kind of opposite of the idea of why I brought up Selma at all, but still. It just seems smarter for a number of reason to be honest. She was talking about applying for the intern position at a organization just starting in Brazil for the summer. And she’s going to D.C. next quarter. And I’m going to Japan for a long time. So, doesn’t it make more sense to wait?
Another great thing of the evening was going to the Chi Alpha male life group. I was a bit unsure at first, but I quickly found the group to be wonderful. There were a good 8 or 9 of us. We started off with a check-in going around with rose-bud-thorn. But it just kept getting so real, people sharing deeply and from the heart. Which just amazed me, especially from my position. Sure, the two guys that were really sharing deeply know the others, but still, the fact that they felt so comfortable sharing with me, someone that they don’t know at all, is just astounding to me.
To the point that, once it was my turn, I decided to share more than I had originally intended. I wasn’t really planning to say much about how I was. But I started off with a quick explanation of where I am spiritually then even mentioned broadly that something had happened this week that had thrown things off for me and that I had something difficult to tell my family. Somehow, I was able to quickly become comfortable with this group and felt comfortable sharing. I was even close to the point of being more specific about what happened to me, but figured I’d wait.
Then, after the very long check-in which took up almost an hour, we went into prayers in small groups. And I was astounded again to find the two guys in my group switch after not long to praying for me which was just again amazing to me. The care and concern that they were exuding for me so quickly. It’s kind of scary in some ways. What could drive them to feel such concern so quickly for another human being? This is the sort of thing that really amazes me about religion and spirituality. Because I feel like I see this time and again. And you have to understand, that it doesn’t feel faked at all. I feel REAL, legitimate concern exuding from the religious for others so often. What is it that causes this? Is the Lord really moving through them?
Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson
