Monday 26 January 2015
Dear Good Sir,
So after last night, Mina has very easily convinced me to return to handwritten journaling. She wasn’t trying to convince me per se, but it was me that asked her about handwritten vs typed and after hearing her talk about her handwritten journals and show me all of them and seeing all the additional perks that come from a physical journal (such as putting memorabilia inside of them), I am completely sold. As in, the next opportunity I have, I am going to get myself my first dedicated notebook for journaling to start my years of physical journaling. 
I still need to dedicate logistically how this will work exactly, but I think it’ll be fine, even time-wise. Realistically, I think generally I probably won’t have as much to write as I’ve had to write these past few weeks, which would help. But even if I do, then whatever, I’ll just take hours and write and write and write. It’ll be fun and worthwhile in itself. It’s sort of like what I’m doing now, but just with handwritten journaling. And maybe I can just use a very awesome numbering and tagging system in order to “search” my journals very easily and find important journals to go back to, etc. It’ll be good, bro, believe me.
Speaking of Mina though, bro, I need to ask something of you. I already see based on last night from today how things on your end are going. It’s going in a direction that is gonna just cause me a lot of pain if I stay on this track. The biggest thing is just that the time is not right. And I understand that this is confusing to hear based on last night’s sign revelation, when instead you want to conclude that this sign means it’s time to act or something. But you just gotta understand that there is currently NOT a good set of conditions going on right now to be pursuing her or whatever. As I’ve pointed out on multiple occasions already, there’s just way too much going on right now, ON TOP of the huge gap of time of space that will separate us starting in April, possibly even until 2016. Yeah. That’s scary. I don’t wanna suffer the rest of the year.
Though believe me, bro, I feel you. I feel how you feel about her and I’m totally okay with that. I just want you to focus this love in a different way and direction. In regards to things involving her and you, make your priority her happiness. While in certain conditions that may mean acting on what you want as well, in most conditions such as right now and during the gap of time of space, I have to take what you want out of the equation because otherwise it is no longer having a chance of optimizing for her happiness. I do not want to make things tougher for her due to what I want when I know that it will likely have such an effect.
Instead I ask you to wait. Wait and see if conditions end up shifting to such an instance where I am okay with you taking into account what you want. Maybe it’ll happen, maybe it won’t. Either way, it’s okay. She’ll be happy either way hopefully is the point. And I can be happy by that. Certainly don’t squash your ability to be happy by holding onto something that you should let go of for the time being. Weren’t you feeling divine about Chelsea a few weeks ago? Go back to that or something.
Though, I know, things regarding Chelsea haven’t changed. And I understand that too. And I know that things are QUITE complicated and QUITE confusing for you right now too. That’s okay. All I’m asking right now is to push away taking into account what you want with regards to things involving Mina right now. The priority should be in helping her with things going on in her life, not adding more things to consider and such. Respect her. Respect yourself. Cool. 
Speaking of Chelsea though, let’s probably implement a similar policy in terms of waiting. Sorry. Ha. There’s a huge separation of time coming for everyone that I know. Can’t be helped. Just be patient. Let’s do figure out how we feel about the Chelsea sign last quarter and this Mina sign last night in regards to religious views though. Are these signs from God or just HUGE coincidences? Because I am really not sure, especially when I think of them together. What is life?
And to close, I must write about something that I was close to writing about a few weeks ago, but decided to wait, but today just got this HUGE backing for the opinion I had been close to reaching before. It’s about Ma. She’s changed. So much too. Like absurdly so. Well, either that or it is something from my side. But before I talk about that, my data. First of all, there’s the thing of telling her about the cruise a few weeks ago. When I thought she’d get upset, especially since I will be gone in Japan for who knows how long after that. But no, totally no explosion. Totally fine with it.
Then, the BIG thing today. Telling her that I got arrested. I don’t know really know what I expected of her response. But it certainly was surprising nonetheless. She definitely expressed concern and worry initially, but never expressed anything like saying not to do this again. In other words, there was no upsetness, at least not at me. More so upsetness at unfortunateness, if even that. She was quickly supporting and being reassuring about it all working out.
It was nice. Really nice. I can’t even explain it all that well. It has something to do with why I wasn’t expecting her responses to all of these things lately to be anything like how it has turned up. I don’t know if I just had absurd imaginings of how she’d react and now it’s just totally blowing those worst case imaginings out of the park. But the alternate that it is turning out to be is just nice. It’s building a certain trust that wasn’t there before.
I think one big thing is that she is really making an effort to get me (and Ray-Ray, I guess?) to be more open and honest with her, or more so with telling her things sooner instead of waiting or telling others first, etc. And her effort is very fruitful. After telling her this and having this very positive and supporting response, I will definitely feel comfortable telling just about anything much quicker, or so I’d imagine. She even sent a text later on in the evening saying that I shouldn’t ever hesitate to tell her anything. I will make that change to my mental imaginings. Believe me. Thanks, mother.
Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson
