Wednesday 18 March 2015
Dear Good Sir,
I had another one of those moments last night (I am writing next day, but this pertains to Wednesday specifically) where I managed to uncover an unconscious underlying issue. Amidst my intense 110 studying, after yesterday’s events with Chelsea, my thoughts kept going back to her and the frustrations over choices that I’ve been mulling over a lot the past few weeks in terms of who to choose. Or more so, mulling over the impossible situation I seem to have been finding myself in due to the seeming impossibility of making a choice of one female over the other(s).
While I haven’t quite found a way to make a choice in the classic sense of making a choice, I have uncovered something that makes the WHOLE situation so much easier to deal with. The reason that this situation has been so distressing for me has been due to an underlying fear that I haven’t been able to recognize until now. It starts with the fact that I don’t like to turn people down. But the reason that this is the case is more so because I don’t want people to think badly of me. And perhaps, even more essentially though maybe specific to this situation, I don’t want to lose friends.
Now to take a step back, when I say that I am afraid to turn people down, more specific to this situation, I mean turning down females romantically. So in this dilemma of not being able to make a decision, one of the issues that has been making things even harder is the fact that in making a choice, that implies that by definition, I’ll have to turn someone down because I can’t choose everyone. And my fear is that in turning someone(s) down, they’ll then turn away from me in pain or other feelings, and I’ll lose their friendship. This fear is the underlying cause of all of my current discomfort and confusion and worry and indecision. Or it was.
Seeing clearly now, I recognize the absurdity in this fear. I don’t mean that what I am afraid of can’t happen, but more so, I have to realize that I can’t get stuck worrying about whether this will be or not. For one, this is a situation that I do have a bit of control over in that a lot of the factors that determine how it goes depend on how I handle things. Which is a lot better than the alternative where it is totally out of my control and out of my hands and up to some other external factors that I have no influence over. 
Adding on to this, you just gotta realize that it’s possible to turn down someone and continue being friends with them. In fact, YOU of all people should know that it can even be better than that. One can turn down someone else romantically and then have their friendship grow so much as a result i.e. Gina and I. A lot of what allowed that to happen was, one, yes the fact that I took it so well, but beyond that, two, because of the way Gina handled it. She made the being turned down process, so much easier and softer than it can be in contrast.
Beyond even these things, who says that you even need to turn anyone down? I have been making a lot of assumptions, yes knowingly, but making assumptions nonetheless. Also, due to social norms, often times females aren’t the ones to voice how they feel first anyway. So if I just don’t do anything then, none of this should even begin to come up. In fact, I’m not sure that I can think of any situation that I would actually have a reason to bring up something like this on my own. So unless someone says something to me first then this shouldn’t be a worry.
And if someone does say something to me, then I’ll handle it. I feel like things like this are easy to foresee generally. As in, I’ll probably see it coming if it is to happen. And I can try to handle it like Gina did. I’ll have to go back and read up on the history, so I have a better idea, but essentially, it’s just a thing of highlighting the friendship. And personally, I find it so powerful the idea that someone would appreciate and want to spend so much time with someone of the opposite gender without it being a romantic thing. 
So please. Drop the discomfort, confusion, worry, and indecision regarding this whole process. Appreciate the grace of having options, especially in contrast to the first 20 years of my life. Maybe it has its cons, but it sure does have its pros.
Thanks, Marcus Circus Francium Jackson
