Friday 13 February 2015
Dear Good Sir,
My game design mind has been going off a good bit as of late for some reason, but I certainly like it. One thing that I was thinking about today during the car ride to Monterey was about a game focused on flow. By flow, I mean some sort of game of having to navigate through something, for example traffic as a car driver, while looking out for openings and patterns and the such. I often do this in real life when navigating through a crowd of people, generally all walking in the same general direction, and I’ll look for the quickest routes through the crowd which I often view through creating vector arrows in my vision which suggest the best route to take at any given moment.
As I watched Michael’s driving, who seems to like bobbing and weaving through traffic, changing lanes very often, I started viewing this driving as a flow problem with him looking forward in traffic looking for openings and the like and changing lanes accordingly. This particular problem seemed somewhat simplified to me compared to navigating through a crowd for example, since there are a numbered amount of lanes for cars to be in instead of the lack of order that a crowd generally is. I’m not necessarily sure that this means that it is simpler to navigate or solve though.
I started thinking again about how I could make a game like this and what it would look like or involve. I could see a car driving game like this I suppose of either literally driving through traffic and trying to avoid things and perhaps either being timed explicitly or implicitly through things chasing you that if you don’t avoid lead to a loss.
But then, I had the most wonderful revelation. Games of flow already exist. A lot of them. In fact, there’s a whole GENRE that are exactly games of flow: bullet hell games. Yeah. Think about it. The whole point of a bullet hell game is to navigate through a world of moving obstacles while looking for patterns to stay in the clear. And the way to lose is built right into it through the things that you are flowing and navigating through are also what kills you. It’s absolutely brilliant. I might have to actually give bullet hell games more of a try now as I think they might be EXACTLY the sort of game that I’ve been trying to envision for awhile now.
My only reservation of whether bullet hell games really fit the bill of the sort of flow game that I’d like to see and play is regarding whether their 2D nature is the right fit. I almost feel like the sort of thing that I am looking for would be 3D. Though I guess when you think about it though, navigating a crowd or traffic is still essentially 2D since you’re only really moving in 2 planes: forward/backward and left side/right side. If anything, it’s the viewpoint that is different in navigating a crowd versus the top down birdseye view of playing a bullet hell game since the former is more so only able to see as far as things in front of you don’t block your view. The latter is only limited in what’s not on the screen so far.
I’ll have to get back to you on that one. My initial thought is that they are two different things and that while bullet hell games might actually turn out to be really cool, my idea is different and something that I probably want to try to make. Maybe a first person view bullet hell game?
Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson
