Thursday 8 January 2015
Dear Good Sir,
I’d like to try to understand what compels me to want to talk to a pastor. I am currently feel the desire to do so, but I don’t fully know the underlying reasons for why. One thing that I touched on in last night’s journal was that I really miss the community aspect and the type of people that I often find in religious groups and communities. I also know that I am interested in exploring my religious views more. I believe my wanting to talk to a pastor is driven, one, by wanting to find such a community, and two, by realizing that talking to a pastor may help me in exploring these views. Maybe, that wasn’t so hard to figure out after all.
I guess what else is important for me to think about is what led me to where I am right now and any general even if vague idea of WHERE I am right now. To generalize up to high school, I was raised as a Christian as you know and went to a Christian private school where we had weekly chapel services. Into high school, I would have called myself a Christian, but I wasn’t necessarily a big Christian per se or someone who prayed very often.
It wasn’t until towards the end of my sophomore year of high school that I’d say I actually did some big thinking about my spiritual and religious views. In my honors English class, when we were reading parts of Dante’s Inferno, we spent a class watching a movie called What Dreams May Come which is based off the book by Richard Matheson. The movie took out of all of the good stuff from the book, like most movies do, so nothing happened just from watching the movie. But later in the semester during my anthology project under the theme of dreams, I decided to find the book and read it. Why not I thought?
What a wonderful decision. This book ended up completely reshaping my spiritual views, most specifically towards the afterlife. I suddenly found myself completely losing all fear of death. Perhaps, not at all at once or immediately, but eventually, seriously. Before long, I stopped really considering myself a Christian, but considered myself an agnostic. I still believed that what Christians believe is technically true. But in the same way, I also believed that what Muslims think is true, and Jews, etc. This book made me gain the thinking that whatever one believes about the afterlife is what is true for that person.
Over the next few years, I continued in this boat. The next relevant event was perhaps my visit to Harvard during its version of Admit Weekend. Scott Peters also got into Harvard who is Christian, and I ended up visiting a Christian student group with him while I was there. Despite not really seeing myself as a Christian, I actually enjoyed meeting the people in the group, and I believe even told them that I was Christian, probably because I didn’t want to feel an outsider and since I “technically” believed that what Christians believe is true. I was of course hesitant on this end of things, but I really did enjoy the community feel I was getting. To the extent that, if I had gone to Harvard, I feel that I would certainly have at least been facing my views very early on if not at least trying to become Christian again. Obviously, I don’t know how things would have gone, but I can certainly say that religion would have at least been on my thoughts early on if not longer.
But I went to Stanford and not having that same impetus, I didn’t go out seeking a Christian group. Since I didn’t really seek out another, I have gone the past two years not really thinking about my spiritual views. And I guess I should say that perhaps I was a bit uncomfortable from visiting the group at Harvard based on my memories and after coming back. But I certainly appreciated their friendliness. I could just sense the community that was there.
It wasn’t until back in December a few weeks ago that I actually stopped to think about religion again. This took place when the night before meeting Chelsea for dinner, I prayed for the first time in quite awhile totally out of the blue. I was worried at the time of whether dinner was actually happening or not, so I was praying that it actually happened and turned out well. Then, the next day came, and I “met” Chelsea and learned that she’s apparently very religious, having become Christian here at Stanford.
Learning this was just a huge shock to me having just prayed the night before totally out of the blue, hoping that this dinner would happen and would go well. Then, she ends up being religious herself? That just shouts at me, a sign of some sort. It’s just too weird. So after that occurrence, and after realizing that I haven’t really thought about my religious/spiritual views since I’ve been at Stanford, I decided that I needed to start putting myself in situations where I would actually think about them. 
Which brings me to here and now. I think I can say all of this, though abbreviated, to whoever I end up talking to, to give them an idea of where I am. Let’s make this happen!
----------
Okay. Everything has just been flipped this evening. I don’t even know what life is right now. I’ll just jump right in. I feel like going over all of what happened again may help anyway since I am still in a bit of shock. I went to dinner at Ricker this evening like usual, and while I was in line to get in, I saw Jemima up ahead which immediately made me start thinking that Chelsea might be around. Nervousness started settling over me quickly. But before long, I saw that Jemima was going to eat with someone else, so through explaining away, I thought I was in the green (see what I did there), and started trying to calm myself down.
But then a few moments later, while I was standing in line for food at the farther area, there was suddenly a moment, when I felt a presence appear next to me, someone on my left side, having just walked up from getting in the dining hall. I could very hardly see the person except just in the tip of my peripheral vision. But I knew INSTANTLY that it was Chelsea. I don’t even know how really. But in that moment, I just completely and utterly froze. I was SO SO SO caught off-guard that I literally did not at all know what to do. Nervousness hit my system like a rocket. It was just too quick for me.
That moment seemed to last an eternity, then she thinking that I had not seen her, she said “hey” perhaps for the second time, as maybe I didn’t even hear her the first time through my shock and freeze up. I turned towards her, doing my portrayal of surprise even though I wasn’t surprised anymore at that point (well, actually yeah I was still surprised in some sense) which I seem to use all the time these days. We started talking, and pretty quickly she brought up that she saw that I had messaged her and asked what I said, explaining that she isn’t good with messages and hadn’t read it. So that’s the key to this whole thing?
By this time, nervousness and anxiety was all over me and in my system to such an extent I haven’t seen since like high school days. I was a wreck. But I did my best to contain it and we caught up a bit talking about our breaks and such. Then, she introduced me to some guy that she was getting dinner with which I am still not sure if he’s something more or what. At this point when they turned away, I saw Mina and April, April coming to hug me. I was still in utter shock and confusion and anxiety at this point i.e. out of it, but tried my best to cover all of that up. They invited me to come eat with them which was good on some levels and bad on others, but I was happy nonetheless.
I started cracking up to myself though, when as we were looking for seating in the very crowded dining hall, we decided to go upstairs, then when we reached the stairs, I saw Chelsea in front of us going up too. Really? We sat down waiting for a table. I was still trying to deal with the nervousness and anxiety throughout my system at this point. There was a point that I thought I’d be able to handle it. But I decided to excuse myself to the bathroom anyway just to give myself some much needed space. In the bathroom, I tried some deep breathing and praying out loud to help me calm down. And to not let this new hope go in vain…
Now the late evening, I am definitely better off than I was a few hours ago, like during the SOOP planning meeting where I was just completely out of it. I just needed some time, and still do really. I am still just in shock from the events of this evening. Maybe it’s not clear of why I am feeling quite the way I am though. It stems from what happened the few days previous. I had reached this great state of revelation about myself and how I wanted to proceed forward. I had decided to let go regarding Chelsea and was in the process of letting that happen. I had decided to focus on cultivating friendships with men, something that I have been missing my whole life, in terms of much needed focus. I was reaching this real good place.
But then, this evening hit me like a しんかんせん. I think on one count it was the suddenness of the occurrence. Chelsea was literally just suddenly there. It wasn’t until seconds after noticing the presence beside me that I actually re-traced backwards and noticed someone walking up to me from the swipe area. And I just instantly knew it was her and knew that the situation that I had been dreading all week was upon me. But then, it started to settle on me that I didn’t need to be dreading. My worst case scenario’ing was horridly wrong about all of this. It was a great, stupid mix-up on my part.
But on a second count, it’s her. The thing that I think shocks me most is just how quickly I flipped and went against all of the decisions of the past few days. I thought I was so settled in on what I had decided. So ready to let go of the pursuing game and such. But bam. She entered back into the scene, and just like that, I was ready to go back at it. There’s something about her. Honestly, when I said a few paragraphs ago that the nervousness and anxiety that I was feeling was nothing like anything that I had seen since high school, I really meant that. I haven’t felt this way about a girl in ages. This anxiety could even be higher than anything I felt in high school regarding Maddi or whoever. But either way, it is certainly the most I have ever faced here at Stanford about someone.
I just can’t shake that. I can’t shake her. But now that I have gotten myself together a bit, I guess all of this is okay. I honestly still have no idea what direction is going though through my reasoning that if she was just seeing this guy a week later after being back then he must not be that important (in relation to what I may have thought previously). And I feel like she was justifying again to me when she said, “since he just got back from abroad” as if she had to have a reason for it to give me.
But despite the flipping that may have occurred tonight, all of the revelations that I came to in the past few days are still there nonetheless and I can still take what I have learned and make the changes that I want to change. But in addition now, I can at the very least still be friends with Chelsea and stop worrying about that and maybe even go to Chi Alpha or whatever. And maybe more? We shall see I suppose. Stay let go the best you can though, yo. No expectations.
Thanks, MFJ
----------
Dude. I just got her number. What the actual hell? I seem to be in SUCH a different position than I thought I was a few days ago. Thank you. God.
Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson (for real this time)
