Tuesday 10 March 2015
Dear Good Sir,
I’ve had quite a bit of epiphanies and revelations today. I guess I’ll keep it close to in order. At work today while upstairs, I started thinking and brainstorming again about possible things to do for a gap year. Or more so, what to do with winter/spring if I’m gonna take fall off to go home and recover physical/mental health and get driver’s license and so on. I started looking at more things in regards to Japan and a few things through the government, but it all seemed too intense and like stuff that I probably should have been applying for already before Stanford or something.
Eventually, I started thinking more about what I want. After some thought along the lines of career goals and such, it suddenly occurred to me that maybe Japan isn’t necessarily that important to me in terms of career/academic goals. Don’t get me wrong, I definitely love the place and want to spend as much time there as possible. But it’s more of a hobby or interest than anything else. Now, I am definitely very open to career/academic things there, but maybe this shouldn’t be my focus.
Part of what led me in this direction was the realization that maybe I don’t actually want to do game design as a career path. At least in terms of when it comes to joining another company or something. I’d rather game design stay as more of a hobby of mine or something I do on the side for now. I’d rather it remain sacred instead of becoming hated due to joining a company and having work things destroying my life for it through numbers and quotas and not being able to do what I want to do. Instead, I’d rather it be an eventual goal of turning independent game design on the side to full time INDEPENDENT game design. As in, I do what I want to do. Not what a company tells me. That probably describes what I’d be looking for any company regardless of what they do. Or as close to independence as possible.
So with that in mind, it occurred to me that maybe I don’t need to be so gung ho about finding ways to go to Japan. When it comes down to it, from more of a whole life perspective, I could definitely make things more of a, make money so that I can visit Japan during breaks and holidays sort of thing. And just have many reasons to have excuses to go to Japan and such (though again, that being said, I am still open to working there at least for a little bit or something, but in terms of gap year stuff, yeah).
Now, I began thinking about what this all meant. That would mean making the most of my time at Stanford then for being as attractive of an employee candidate as possible. Something that came up after my TeamLab meeting and just feeling that I don’t really have anything to show off, project-wise or whatever. Not that I need a lot of things per se, but I just felt lacking in what to show. And it is fine in this case, but in the future I’d like to have more.
And it occurred to me that 229 would be a great way to do this. I already have an idea through a program to learn handwriting for optical character recognition using machine learning. I could maybe even turn this into a senior project or something as I’m not sure I could get this whole full thing done in just one quarter (or a year for that matter), but could just do some important portion of it for the class.
Along with these ideas came another realization. Perhaps, part of my problem right now, this quarter and even before now, has been that I haven’t had an inspiration. Nothing pushing me along during my classes. Nothing moving me forward. Maybe that’s what I’m lacking and what’s causing me to just sort of be dragging along. I need some goals. Something to move towards.
I think this quarter especially that I’ve been trying so hard on relaxing in terms of academics and not stress out about it as much. But that has led to me not caring enough at all, with coupled with busyness, leads to me not doing my best on assignments at all and turning majorly incomplete and such. It was to avoid the opposite end of the spectrum which was my perfectionism which took place for so many years. But I am on the other end of the spectrum right now which is no better. Perhaps, the key is finding the balance. Or seeking, hehe, but more on that soon.
Maybe goals would be the way to go. So I started setting goals right there. Some really high goals. Because if I set the bar really high, even if I fail to hit the goal itself (which is likely to happen) since I set it so high, falling short will probably still be quite great anyway. Some goals I thought of, so that I could maybe keep the possibility of applying for co-term open, would be using fall quarter to set up the things I need to apply such as recommendations. A way I could do that is through 229 and the project. But on top of that, getting to know Andrew Ng and ask him to be my advisor, and in turn ask him for a recommendation eventually. Yeah...high goal setting at its finest.
To keep the balance going, while I am setting these goals, I will keep in my awareness that not reaching this goals is totally okay. For one, I’m not THAT set on even wanting to apply for co-term at the moment, so not being qualified for it in the end wouldn’t be a big deal. Even for the project and stuff. I just want to pass my classes when it comes down to it and be somewhat setup for job hunting in the future. 229 + 161 + more will be hard, and I recognize that, so I recognize that I can’t become obsessed with results actually happening.
At the same time, setting these goals gives me a direction to move in. It gives me motivation and hope where I previously had none. After today’s epiphanies and realizations this afternoon, I am now 95% sure that I don’t want to go through with the whole gap quarter/year idea. I am starting to feel that I don’t actually need it. For one, I am imagining that the next 5-6 months in Japan will be all I need and more in terms of a “gap quarter” feel and rejuvenation of my spirit. 
On top of that, from the miniscule searching that I had the time to do earlier and previously, I see that the options that I have open for gap year-ish stuff in terms of in Japan or whatever, isn’t really all that limited by whether I have graduated undergraduate or not. In fact, many more options (cough, JET and similar opportunities, cough) will be available to me AFTER graduating undergraduate. So if anything, finishing undergraduate first is actually opening in towards of options.
What’s even more great is that all of this motivation and hope for senior year is spilling into where I am right now. So right now, I am very motivated and hopeful and inspired for my classes now. It’s essentially a thing of having some idea of where I am going or where I am trying to get to at least. And I see the role that my classes play in that. So I feel more inspired in actually doing my work and giving effort in my classes now. And right now, that means really tackling my final projects and assignments, but more importantly, my finals, especially 110. I really need to do well on it, and I feel very inspired to give my all to do well on it. So let’s go!!!
But I’m not done yet. I said today was filled with many revelations sort of stuff. This also occurred religiously/spiritually, and was definitely not expected at all. I went to Chi Alpha first with the Tuesday much smaller “large” group. The sermon was great with it being about how Jesus dealt with stress and the RREP process of Recognizing how you’re feeling in terms of emotions and such whatever the situation. It’s not a thing of changing how you’re feeling, but simply seeing it. Sounds like mindfulness, huh? Then, Remembering that you have options here and that you don’t HAVE to feel the way you’re feeling per se. Or more so, you don’t have to react to these feelings or behave some way as a result of them. You also have the option of just letting them sit there like they are and not doing anything in response to them or perpetuate them in any way.
Next, there’s Evaluate the situation which I guess sort of plays into things I was just mentioning in terms of seeing options and sort of thinking about what might be best in terms of response. Again, not that you need to do anything, but just viewing and going over the options and weighing them. Then, Pray. Trust in God and pray. Which probably also includes moving towards one of those options, but yeah.
On top of that is also recognizing that the emotions aren’t everything. And beyond that, the emotions and the automatic things that you might want to do because of them aren’t necessarily the best things to do. Often, it’s better to side with your brain over your heart. Which when I first heard sounded SO opposite of what I was thinking previously. But I think there’s more to it than reason over irrationality.
One good analogy was that emotions are the horse with which we power ourselves. We can’t just do away with them and really need rely on them sometimes. But at the same time, we need to keep them in check and cannot let them go crazy and out of control. Which is where the brain/reason part comes in. You gotta think about what to do and consider what you want, your morals, etc etc. Essentially, he was just saying that we shouldn’t just let our emotions get the best of us and easily control us or anything.
Also, the whole spontaneity thing which you thought he was talking against in the whole brain over heart thing, is probably a bit separated from heart in this sense. Sometimes, it’s okay to go with the heart. Like I said, emotions are the horse which powers us. Inspiration is strong (SO STRONG). You just have to be smart about what things that you let heart and emotions go off on. What things you become inspired to do. And I think most of the times that I do this, it is for the good uses of emotion and heart. But I definitely should be more aware and critical of my use of emotions in general in light of these things.
After XA, I went over to the Potter bible study with Holly late. I read over the passage they were looking at then joined in. It was a passage about “do not worry” in which Jesus talked to his disciples about not worrying. The thing that really stood out and resonated with me that we talked about had to do with something that I happened to be thinking about earlier today…
Essentially, we talked about, after my input, finding a balance between the two ends of the spectrum in terms of worry. There’s the worrying that Jesus is warning against which is the obsessing and stressing out over the worry. Like my perfectionism which led to me obsessing and stressing over academics and social interactions and relationships and so on. Then, there’s the opposite end which is not worrying AT ALL. Not giving a care. This was my input that Jesus isn’t saying to not care at all. He just means don’t go so far down the spectrum that you are the other end of obsession-level worry.
You should still concern yourself with having food and things to wear. As in, it should be something that you try to have. But it shouldn’t be such a worry that you are obsessed about it and stressed. Or in my case, I shouldn’t worry so much about academics that it leads to tons of stress or in terms of not reaching goals. But I also need to give some care and set goals and reach for something so that I don’t set on the end of not caring enough at all.
Then later on, someone pointed out such a beautiful word that put all of this that I had been thinking about into a nice package. The word is seek. And what someone pointed out was that this word was the language used throughout the Bible. SEEK out God. It doesn’t say find Him. That’s the nuance. It’s not about finding God or finding anything whether that’s successful academics or a good job or whatever else. Finding isn’t the point. That’s concerning yourself too much with the end of the result. As I always say, it’s all about the journey. It’s all about SEEKING.
Seek and you shall find. This means creating a goal or having an idea of where you want to go. But you don’t actually have to get there. Really, you’ll find regardless of where you get. Because finding isn’t about actually reaching where you set out for. Finding is just about the journey of seeking. 
I think this also provides a WONDERFUL perspective on safety nets. It’s great to have backup plans and safety nets and the such. In terms of things to fall back on if things don’t end up going the way that you want. In other words, seeking out something, but ultimately it not mattering whether you find it or not. But at the same time, if it doesn’t work out that doesn’t mean you just stop seeking. Or on the other hand if you make progress, that doesn’t mean you stop because you got a little higher or even maybe reached your goal.
You must keep seeking. You must always seek. Seek God and you’ll find Him. Which means that with just even “little faith” you can still find God and He’ll support you and give you what you need. But that doesn’t mean being content with that little faith. You must always be seeking more faith. Just let go of the NEED to actually acquire more. It doesn’t matter where you are. Just keep seeking wherever that may be. 
I can apply this to so many situations in my life. In fact, everywhere. I’ll seek a relationship with Erina. It doesn’t matter whether we find that together or not. Seeking is enough. Or seeking a relationship in general is enough to find it. At whatever pace God wants that to be at. I’ll seek successful academics and Andrew Ng as my advisor and whatever. It doesn’t matter if I reach there or not.
Indeed, everywhere. I ended up using this ideal of focusing on seeking during the bible study itself. At the start of prayer, Holly asked out if there’s anyone in here that’s ready to accept Jesus and God as their savior. Something I’ve heard happen at XA before. I didn’t feel ready before. I just didn’t know if I was at that point yet to know that I was ready, something I talked to Glen about later. 
But things were different this time. I could apply this ideal of seeking here too with my religious views. Instead of being stuck at wondering if I was quite at the point ready to accept Jesus, somewhere I’ve been stuck at for a while, I just dropped that. It didn’t matter whether I had reached some “magical point” or anything. All that matters, which I could see right THERE in the scripture, is that I seek out God. Something I’ve been doing certainly at least since December. Essentially, it’s seek God and you’ve found him. The amount of faith doesn’t matter. Just keep seeking Him more and more and TRYING to improve your faith.
So after a few moments as she explained who she was looking for, I felt resolved. I felt ready to raise my hand anonymously. I am seeking God and that’s the bare minimum I need to find Him and to be accepted by Him. It’s simple as that. It doesn’t mean that I stop there, but that I just stay in that state of always trying to improve. No more delaying!
It was strange afterwards hearing her say that in the moments before the prayer, that she had suddenly felt moved that someone in the room was reaching this point, so she felt that she needed to ask out. Boy, am I glad she did. I didn’t really know that I was ready for a such a thing until she said, but it only took seconds after she said it for me to realize that I was. This ideal of seeking just encapsulates where I’ve been going the past few months in solving my perfectionism problems. So it’s great to have this even more tangible result of seeking instead of obsessing with finding. Thank you, Holly. Thank you, God. Thank you, you.
SEEK, SEEK, SEEK!
Thanks, Marcus Circus Francium Jackson
