Saturday 17 January 2015
Dear Good Sir,
To pick up from last night, I was saying last that I am quite confused regarding praying to God. Especially in regard to something like Chelsea stuff. But this is something that I’ll just need to ask and/or just figure out. From Wednesday’s Chi Alpha sermon though, something that I think I am going to give a try is the full faith “trial” that Glen talked about. As in assuming full belief in Christianity and jumping into those four areas: gratitude, treat others as you want to be treated (and vice versa specifically for me), generosity, and attending religious things. Some of this I have already been doing i.e. #4 for sure this week, but in general the focus is especially on assuming the full belief and seeing what happens. I do think I’m gonna focus on just going to the small group stuff for now just since the big group stuff doesn’t work super well with my schedule for most of this quarter.
In terms of my new strategies regarding Chelsea stuff, I think I can more so talk about that now. Since the Chi Alpha meeting, I am still in the going back and forth boat over confusion between her lack of response messaging and highly positive reinforcement in person interactions. But yesterday, I started thinking about approaching things differently, more towards the direction of focusing on the journey. 
I forgot what exactly prompted this desire for change, but one thing that influenced it for sure, though I’m certain it wasn’t the start, was randomly seeing something she posted on Facebook in which she hash-tagged #single4lyfe. Surprisingly, while seeing this did make me want to think about things more, it didn’t serve necessarily to disappoint me or anything or feel that all was lost. For one, I am still doing a good job of operating under the umbrella that I have no way of knowing for any good amount of accuracy whether things would work out if I express how I feel.
But also, since yesterday, I’ve felt more and more okay with the idea of not taking action. Now, don’t get that wrong, I am definitely not saying that I don’t want to take action anymore or that I am trying to lead myself in that direction. Because, believe me, I understand your point that Chelsea stands out as different in your mind than anyone previous. And I recognize because of this that I owe myself to try to act on how I feel. 
But it’s more so, I really want to change how I am approaching the “courting” process in general. For one, I want to do what I can to drop a lot of the desperateness of it that has always seemed to be present in the past for me. It’s not a good thing to be there for numerous reasons such as causing me mental distress around the whole process especially if it doesn’t work out and not helping the chances of things working out, just to name a few.
I’m not entirely sure what dropping the desperateness means or entails, but in general, I think it’s mostly a mindset change in seeing that it’s okay if it doesn’t work out and that there’s much potential still out there in the world let alone on campus. In fact, just thinking about a good bit over the past day or so has already caused some changes mentally I feel like without me really needing to take any tangible action. It might take more than that, obviously, especially in terms of permanent change, but this is certainly a good start.
But in terms of tangible action for change regarding the courting process, one way I want to focus, even for a situation like this with how I feel about Chelsea, is to approach it more as a trying to just focus on being good friends at first. And from the start, never really planning to say anything at any point, but to face things dynamically and decide how you want to continue as things progress. And if you reach the point of really knowing how you feel and wanting to express how you feel, totally going for that. But if you never really reach that point thats okay. Or, if you reach a point if knowing that you don’t want to try to things forward, that’s okay too. It’s basically just a walking along with the whole process and seeing how things go and where things go.
One big thing, that I am HOPING will come out of this, is not just a dropping of the desperation, but also a dropping of a lot of the nervousness that I often face. I figure that if I see the romantic interest in such a way as just trying to be good friends with her at first, there’s not much reason to have nervousness as I should never really be at the point of feeling that I need to be nervous until towards the point of actually wanting to make a decision. And hopefully at that point, I am more comfortable around her anyway which may help too.
Unfortunately, I’m out of time for now, but more on this and several other things soon.
Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson
