Tuesday 13 January 2015
Dear Good Sir,
Today was a pretty eventful day. Particularly for one thing: meeting Glen Davis, the pastor of Chi Alpha. I emailed him this morning to see when he’s free, and he responded within a minute with some times, including this afternoon. It seemed like a tight fit for my schedule, but I figured that meeting him before tomorrow’s Chi Alpha meeting would be best. 
So I headed over to Old Union’s third floor (I know right? A third floor!?! How long has that been there? How did I not notice it previously???) right after a nice catch-up lunch with Brian to whom I also mentioned my recent strange religious coincidence, though as usual without the full context of who I “met”. I quickly found Glen’s office to the left and seeing me looking figured that I must be Marcus and let me in.
His opening thing after the normal entry greetings was “So, how do you know Chelsea?”, a question that totally threw me off for a few moments. I just didn’t understand where it was coming from as I guess I just wasn’t expecting that to be the first thing he asked me. It was surely meant as a harmless intro question, but I definitely took a few moments to answer trying to calculate my words precisely without giving anything away regarding “Chelsea stuff” as I always seem to be putting it in the journals as of late.
After that caught-off-guard opening, completely reflecting my lack of knowing what to say or ask, I sort of just jumped in not knowing really what else to do, after first warning that I don’t exactly know what I am expecting of getting out of talking to him and such. He stopped me a few times to ask me a question or two such as my major and hometown before saying “good” or something along those lines as if slowly piecing together who I am and where I am. I was already starting to see what Chelsea met by his calculating and rational nature.
I basically explained my background from early age up through grade school and then into college to give an idea of how I got to be where I am right now, even sort of trying to explain where What Dreams May Come put me. Then, I went into my strange coincidence. At this point, I found myself going into a little bit more detail than I had with anyone else about this coincidence. As in, I said that it was Chelsea. I wasn’t necessarily even planning to do that. It just sort of came out. I think it was partly because of his first question to me of “So, how do you know Chelsea” and my slight flailing when I answered it and saying that I had sort of just met her or got to know her better recently. I guess I felt that since I had already sort of started going into it earlier, I might as well connect the dots and say that the next day it was Chelsea that I talked to and learned about her religiousness.
While I have absolutely no reason to really think so, I almost feel like he was connecting the dots more with what I may have randomly prayed about. But I guess I really have no way of knowing that or really having any reason to really believe that. But it’s just a thing that I almost feel could be the case. I just feel like his calculating nature would put together something like that. It was also because of something that he said later on when I think we were talking about the Chi Alpha meeting or something, and he was saying I’ll have to bring myself taking into account many things then naming a few things like where I am with my faith or whatever, but then also listing as a thing “my relationship with Chelsea” which I know he means generally rather than relationship in the sense of dating, but still. It was just a whoa moment and feeling like he’s seeing through me. But I majorly digress.
And about here I stopped, not sure where to go and wondering if he had enough to say something yet. Which he did. He made a few comments, then asked the question of the year (paraphrased obviously): “What question(s) right now are stopping me from having full faith and belief?” Such a wonderful question or general idea of a question. I hadn’t really stopped to think previous to this about what was hindering my faith right now. It seems so obvious of a thing to consider, but it just hadn’t reached my mind.
I thought about it and said basically that I am not sure how much of the Bible I really believe is true, adding that though I’m not sure how important this is. He said that this is understandable, and that what’s more important is deciding how I feel about Jesus Christ and more precisely whether I believe that the tomb was empty or not that day of Easter.
Then, he launched into what felt like a personally created sermon for me, talking about how Jesus and the Old Testament come together as a packaged deal. And that if one doesn’t believe Jesus resurrected himself, then there are 3 main explanations for the actions of the apostles who definitely very much stuck with their story of Jesus resurrecting from the dead despite knowing it would probably get them killed. One being that there was some mistake such as the apostles going to the wrong tomb or something or even hallucinated it all, but that doesn’t make much sense since they definitely said that they saw him and talked to him, and were with him for like 40 days previous.
A second being that the Romans screwed up actually killing Jesus, but that doesn’t make sense as they were really good at executing and the apostles seemed to suggest that Jesus was fully in good shape and not hurt anymore upon walking out of the tomb which just isn’t likely if He didn’t revive himself. A third being that the apostles made everything up on purpose for some reason, such as for money or something, but this doesn’t make much sense as they definitely knew that doing this was lead to their deaths. In fact, it seemed like the apostles were expecting that supporting Jesus like this since Jesus resurrected himself would lead to their own resurrections after being executed. So they were totally in it all the way meaning that they seemed to really believe in the stories they were telling.
I asked later on what he suggests I do to try to come to how I feel about Jesus’ resurrection, and he suggested that I read a few books, giving me three off the top of his head, that he must suggest a lot or something. Something I haven’t mentioned is that this guy can talk REALLY fast, like whoa. Which led me to have trouble understanding him when he throws out these really quick short spurts then speaks at more a reasonable speed. But I had to ask him to repeat the books and authors more than once in most cases as a result. Just a funny thing to note.
Apparently, one of the books, Mere Christianity, they have a few copies of sitting out at the Chi Alpha meetings, and said that I should get one tomorrow when I come. Sweet. At this point, I was feeling really good. He was giving me direction where I had none before. Also where I wasn’t necessarily even expecting to get direction. Remember I came into this meeting not really knowing what I wanted to get out. And here I was coming out with so much. Sure, my faith wasn’t necessarily changed so easily, but I have a direction now to go in now to help better my faith.
At this point, I started asking him about himself and how he went from computer science to reach where he is now. He started talking about his life, he from (very) rural Louisiana, giving this funny anecdote of just how rural his town is, based on the fact that there’s still Blockbuster there as it’s so rural that Internet is not good enough to allow Netflix to take over there and run out Blockbuster. He became Christian in middle school and redoubled his faith in college, reaching a point where I decided that he would really enjoy becoming a pastor.
Then I pried more, asking how he got to be here at Stanford, at which point, he went into another story. He prefaced the next part saying that he is not one of those Christians that is very frequent in saying that he “went shopping with Jesus” or anything like that. But that one day while preparing for a meeting like this one, suddenly heard God talking to him. And God told him that “in three years, he will pastor somewhere else” but in such a way that he sounded like God stopped early and didn’t finish his sentence with where. But of course, that part was left out, which he compared to how Abraham must have felt with God telling him that his holy land is somewhere out there and start walking without saying quite where.
After talking to different people about programs to work at elsewhere, there reached a point where someone told him that maybe Stanford would be right. Then, Glen went through a process of listing a bunch of schools to his wife, being sure not to put Stanford in the front, middle or back. Then after he listed them all, she said, “Stanford, huh?”, without any pressing from him about Stanford. And then she mentioned the same list to someone she knew and the same thing happened. And it happened a third time. Then, once he visited the campus, he just knew this is where God wanted him to be. And now they’ve been out here for 13 years. Wow. Amazing.
To wrap-up, he said he likes to pray in closing, asking if I’m okay with that, at which I replied of course. Then he prayed that God reveal himself to me, even if in just small ways, so that I can really strengthen my faith. He couldn’t have said it better. Afterwards, I thanked him much explaining how much talking to him has helped.
And it really has. I have direction now where I had none before. And this guy is just so cool. I am very happy and thankful for the series of events that have led me to meeting him. It is people like him that really make me want to really be a part of religious communities. And maybe even find my faith. I’m really gonna work on that now that I actually have some idea of where I am moving. Thank you, Glen.
