Thursday 12 March 2015
Dear Good Sir,
I am still trying to collect the necessary data to really show this, but I am suspecting that somewhere somehow some changes in me were implemented outside of the ones that I pointed out in February’s monthly analysis (though I do need to talk more about those at some point and maybe more on how those changes came to be). My hunch is that I am starting to care less and less about random females regarding romantic interest. By that I mean, I’m not going about thinking about each and every female as a potential romantic interest. This is great news!
Again, this is just preliminary data that I have so far, but from what I’ve seen so far, I think this change may be in the process of taking place. I don’t really have much tangible, specific data to give you at the moment besides maybe Holly as an example as someone that I feel like I was doing that whole annoying thing with way back when and I definitely detected the complete absence of that happening in the past few interactions we’ve had including bible study.
Also, just aside from instances regarding people I know, I’ve definitely noted to myself a few instances when I picked up on it of an absence of the whole all females as a romantic interest thing. Instead, there’s just a lack of care in regards to them. It’s not at all a thing of disrespect towards them, but just neutralness, as I feel like it should be. With people I know, there’s friendliness in that sense towards them, but from what I can tell, that’s the full extent of it, opposed to in the past when there would likely have been potential romantic interest from my side involved.
While I do have this preliminary data, one slight worry that I have at the moment is that maybe this change is occurring, but maybe it’s not quite a change, but instead the product of something else: something else being the fact that I have some very solid romantic interests currently. As in, I’ve dropped seeing all (ok, it was never all, but you get my swing) other females as potentials simply and only because I don’t NEED to. Which I suppose indirectly, is okay to some extent, but I’d rather the results to be coming from changes within not from this outside factor. But this is just a possibility and one that I don’t have data to really suggest, but just something I wanted to throw out there.
Just wanted to note these potential signs of progress. More on this later when I’ve collected more data.
Thanks, Marcus Circus Francium Jackson
