Monday 16 February 2015
Dear Good Sir,
I am tired and in need of sleep. But I feel I should write especially after this weekend. Before I get to that, I feel I should write about something that came to my attention again this evening. My disconnection from SOOP. I think this began last month along with the general disconnection that I had with just about everything in my life from the events surrounding the protest.
However, as you know, I’ve sort of moved forward from that disconnection, at least to some extent in a good number of areas. But this is one of those areas that I have not quite returned to where I am. I just felt at lost with being in SOOP. I haven’t really felt like being there the past few weeks at all. I feel like being a part of SOOP at the moment is not productive for me at the moment essentially.
I think it’s mostly a disconnection from the root reasons for why I want and wanted to be a part to begin with. I think it’s been so long since I’ve been on a trip and really see these things in play that I’ve sort of forgot. I did have that school visit, but that’s probably not quite the same.
I think another thing that is causing disconnection still is my awareness and realizations regarding my extracurriculars and time commitments. And reaching the conclusion that I don’t want to take a leadership role in SOOP next year. But it’s hard to not internalize this as not wanting to have a leadership role right now when my current commitment hasn’t ended yet. 
I think it’s also the contrast of SJEC and the really awesome Monterey trip that I am coming back from. To focus on the trip for a little bit. A few highlights would be the kayaking for one. I partnered with Erina which ended up great, especially since I didn’t even have to make a quick effort in asking her to partner with me. It was more of a, shouting out hey I still need a partner and seeing basically only her respond.
The kayaking was really great in itself. It required some real coordination and teamwork between us to make it work with the timing and speed of the strokes and such. Besides the actual kayaking part, it was also just nice spending that isolated time out there with her. She is definitely a really cool person, and I am happy that SJEC won’t be the end of seeing her for now with her being in Kyoto and the president of CASK and all.
Kayaking is certainly an activity that could be used as a romantic activity just for the isolation it brings to the two people together. And this is with going kayaking out with several other pairs which shows just how powerful of an isolation it is. It’s just really easy to distance yourself from the other kayaks and be out essentially alone, far from land and other human beings. So it just feels like you are the only ones out there on the water. It’s cool.
Another highlight would certainly be the hanging out in Carmel that afternoon and evening when I and a few of the other officers and two participants were semi-stranded, or more so left waiting for pickup for awhile, the day being saved by the MVP, David. But the bonding time with the other officers was really nice. These people are really cool and it is especially cool to be getting to know them and actually feel that I am a part of the group instead of always feeling on the sidelines with these sort of things.
Helped along with the weekend’s events such as the hike, bonfire, and dance party, I also actually feel like I am really starting to get to know and grow close to some of the participants which is also really contributing to my real connectedness with SJEC right now. I am actually truly excited to spend time with them on campus right now which is a huge success and good thing. And I am slowly discovering how such awesome people each and every one of them are which just feels me up. I could see myself legitimately missing them by the end of the program to a real significant extent which is in slight contrast to other programs in the past.
Which is a big part of why SJEC might be leading to some of my disconnection with SOOP as I am seeing the wonderfulness that SJEC is bringing in and realizing that I’m not entirely sure that I can get this same fulfillment from SOOP. Which might just be a product of SOOP not being able to provide these things for me in the sense that it isn’t quite the right fit. I think I am better able to connect with international students versus high schoolers for a number of reasons.
But at the same time, I don’t know that for sure. There’s a certain special connection that I have with SOOP and the time of youth that we work with. I think at least. I know these students aren’t coming from the exact same background or anything. But it’s certainly similar especially from the perspective of where I was in regards with backpacking and not having any exposure to it previously.
So I will continue to try to restore my connectedness with SOOP. It’s still out there I’m sure. SOOP is SOOPer awesome in all.
Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson
