Friday 27 February 2015
Dear Good Sir,
My deliberations over females continues as it has. I think this deliberation is beginning to reach a higher point due to the fact that SJEC is reaching its last week. Beyond that, I am reaching my last few weeks here on campus. Meaning that some life transitions are going to occur soon. Which in turn means that the people that I find around will be changing around a bit. So if I want to be taking action in regarding anyone anytime soon or make any decisions in general, I might want to do that while the timing is still right.
But the issue here is the fact that I have choices. And due to the fact that I have choices, there is a certain risk that I am perceiving of making a bad choice or something that doesn’t end up working out or that ends up not being what I wanted or wishing I had made another choice, etc. It could go on. The point is that due to this deadlock over not knowing how to make a choice and not knowing a priori whether the choice is a choice I will be happy with, I am stuck not making a choice and therefore not going anywhere with anything.
Which is dumb. So let’s break this deadlock. Because the utility of being stuck in this deadlock is non-positive. Possibly it’s zero or possibly it’s some negative value. Regardless, it’s not positive, and I’ll come back to why this is important later. Breaking this deadlock and reaching a point of being able to make a choice is the direction that I think you should head.
And this is why. Say you find a way to make a choice, and let’s not worry right now what this method of making a choice is, but that its there and that you use it. The choice you make could go a number of different ways. But let’s focus on two of these potential paths that it could end up taking you down: firstly, a good choice i.e. a female you are happy with and that you realize that you are happy with; and secondly, a choice that you end up either regretting or not in general being happy with, as in you realize that you aren’t happy with where the path is going. Clearly, the first choice has a high positive utility. And the second has a negative utility.
The simple thing to do here is to calculate an expected utility from these options and their potential likelihoods. The important thing to realize here though is that it’s not a thing where you only get one choice ever though. In other words, I’m not calculating the utility and probabilities for the next choice I make. I’m calculating the expected utility over a lifetime, so there’s multiple utilities and probabilities involved, accounting for multiple negative utilities occurring. Which is okay when you realize that the probability of eventually realizing that first option is actually decent. So that coupled with its high positive utility should outweigh the potential multiple negative utilities of the other side. So what I’m saying is that the expected utility is positive if you break the deadlock.
I do want to point out a few things though before I lobby hard for this calculation. One is that, if you notice last paragraph, I said the simple thing to do is just consider these two options. There are other potential scenarios that could occur. One annoying one is that I am making the assumption that you can easily label each path once you’re on it. And sure, eventually after being on that path for a bit, you probably can eventually label it as one of those two options. But that’s an eventually thing, and not a guaranteed quick thing. So could take a while potentially.
Also, I fail to account for incorrect labels. Though really, I think there’s really only one true “incorrect” label here, and even that’s not that troubling in my opinion though. Say in reality it’s the second option that a path is. But if you label it as the first option, then is it really incorrect? If you see it as the first option, then isn’t it by nature the first option? Even if overarchingly really it’s the second option? Basically, at that point, isn’t the way you see what matters not what it overarchingly is. In fact, what the hell is overarchingly even mean here? It doesn’t apply except maybe from some higher being perspective, but I don’t have that perspective, so from my naive human perspective, what I think is what it is.
Things could change later, but then it just throws things into the second option like before and you move on. More time is probably taken, I guess, which would be the only issue. And if you label something that should be the first option as the second, then it’s just a matter of things not going in the right way for me to see that. Which is okay, as again, isn’t really a matter of how I see it, and also this is another thing that could change.
So, with all of this in mind, my argument is that breaking the deadlock, based on the reasonings that I have presented, is a route of positive expected utility due to the fact that infinity is involved here and that there’s not only one iteration that happens, but an infinite. So while, yes, you could make a “mistake” in some right in one iteration’s choice. But when it comes down to it, that’s okay, as that just slowly moves you down to the point when you reach that first option and the positive utility that it brings. Deadlocking simply prevents you from making progress in that eventual direction.
The other thing that I think is key here, perhaps even more so than anything that I’ve said yet, is that there’s not only one right decision. There’s more than just one female out there that would lead down the route to the first option. Which, yes, increases the probability of reaching the first route, but that’s not the truly significant part in my eyes. The truly significant thing is that in this moment right here as I’m writing this, the moment here where you are stuck unable to decide between the many options in front of you, there’s a chance that you might not be able to go wrong with any of these options. In other words, all of the (5? or do you see more than that currently?) options could potentially lead down the route to the first option/path that I was talking about earlier. In other words, there’s a chance that you legitimately can’t even go astray here.
I think the key to really tapping into the potential of this (and believe me, I realize that it’s not a thing that there’s a guarantee that all of my options could lead to that first positive utility route, but that’s it’s more of a “chance” at that) is letting go of the desire to compare in the future. This is not that important here right now, but more so down the road when (NOT if) you make the first (and maybe the last if it’s good) choice and follow through. I’d say don’t do too much comparing to the other options. Especially DON’T compare where you don’t have the data to compare. If you don’t really know such things about the other options or about the choice you made regarding how things in the future might be or about, for a specific example, whether she’d be a good mother, then don’t compare. That’s unfair to you and her.
So RELAX. Having options is good. Making a choice also doesn’t necessarily suggest that you’re losing the other options in the future if you don’t like the choice that you made. And other options can always enter anyway if options pass with time for whatever reason. There’s an infinite number of options and an infinite number of choices that you can make. So reaching that positive utility path is gonna happen eventually. But you gotta take a chance to reach that positive utility. You gotta TRUST in me to reach that positive utility. So come on. Take a chance and trust in me, yo (yeah, I know that saying all of this doesn’t make the choice occur. But I think it’ll make it easier for you to do so. And I imagine that you can take care of the choice making part from here. So go do that, THEN you can take the chance and trust in me. So go on now. Make a choice, yo).
I’m sorry I keep coming back to write more. But I keep progressing and thinking of more things and then feeling that I should write them down. So excuse me, princess.
I think it’s also important for you to decide what it is that you really want. Because I think that’s something else that you’re confused about which is making things even more difficult. I went back and read those “constraints” that you came up with back in December. And I totally still agree with them. But I feel like there’s a few more than you didn’t write at that time that you’re sort of wanting to apply but unsure if you should. Which is what I mean about needing to decide what it is that you want.
The biggest of these currently unofficial constraints is that you want the female that you’re looking for to be a good mother. This is the thing that is REALLY making things difficult. Because honestly, without this one, I think it would be easy to apply the previous December constraints to find someone. In fact, I think at least one if not more of the current options fit these constraints. But there’s this mother potential constraint.
Another potential constraint which has come up more recently in the past few weeks, is regarding interactions with romantic interests. I’ve found that I am more easily being myself around certain romantic interests than others. Which raises the question of whether these “better” and more “real” interactions are somehow truly better in some way and whether they should be seeked out or even be a hard requirement.
I can’t answer these immediately. And I’d like to ask that you don’t think too much about it just yet. But I don’t know if that’ll happen. So more later (hopefully tomorrow or another day).
Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson
