Friday 6 February 2015
Dear Good Sir,
We finally saw it: Selma. What a movie. I don’t know if my words can do justice to how great it was. They held absolutely nothing back which really made it so real. So real. I think that’s part of what made this movie such an experience for me, at least. The constant thought that this **** actually happened. People were really beat and killed like this. Oh my.
I think something that really speaks to how impactful of a movie this was for me was that it made me do something that even our, as in the 68+, protest couldn’t get me to do: cry. Mina was crying basically the whole movie which I think put up a shield for me as I felt that I had to hold it together to support her.
But there reached a point that I could just feel the tears coming. It was just so horrible. The things that they did to those poor, innocent humans, only fighting for something that should be their basic right. 
I’m sorry, honestly, this is hard to write about right now. It’s making me sad just thinking about it.
I think it’s also very much the connection that the movie had with our protest or more so the way it really put it into perspective that made the movie even more powerful. Ours just seems so small in comparison. We were so lucky not to have to deal with the things that they had to deal with. Mina put it well when she said that we had to choose between groups for arrest risk; they had to pull straws to determine who’d be leading the group i.e. at the most risk for death. Arrest vs death, hmm…
Speaking of Mina though, although I REALLY don’t feel like writing about Mina stuff or Chelsea stuff anymore or at least for awhile due to all of the energy that I’ve spent on it this quarter, I should say a short thing. Early on in the movie, she took my hand and we supported each other through it with hands squeeze and the like especially in those really rough to watch parts. Which obviously caused those feelings from the past to surface again.
In a different perspective at least. I was being more aware of what they mean and how I felt about them. But it’s still weird for me. I know it was all mostly for support, but still. I can’t ignore the way I feel as it’s things like this that make it real clear to me.
But I don’t know what to do or understand it all. I’m still so confused. Which is why I don’t really want to even give the time of day to these feelings at the moment. Even if I felt a desire to speak my mind, for her own sake, I just couldn’t do that right now because of all the Dan stuff at the moment, which reached a climax leading to breakup last night apparently. I just want to be there for her right now.
So confusion goes on.
I’ve gotten some more clarity Christianity-wise today though. After a magical morning of completely happening to run into Alex and then Eyosias too at breakfast, when I just happened to go to Lagunita after changing from not wanting to go to breakfast to wanting to go to Arrillaga to wanting to go to Lagunita. Just another weird sort of thing. But I talked about my feelings last night spirituality to Alex which after hearing what he said about Glen and back when Alex was first becoming a Christian, I was inspired to go talk to Glen today.
And Eyosias, after talking about how he thinks physical baptism is actually more important, unpromptedly talked about how we must be patient for the Lord to move in us and provide those big religious experiences for when He thinks we are ready and all. So many things speaking to where I am. And all of this because I just happened to go to Lagunita for once and they were there.
Talking to Glen led to even more direction and understanding as I really do see now that I shouldn’t expect myself to be where I’m not. But beyond that, for one thing, faith is a spectrum, not a binary answer of yes I believe or no I don’t. It’s more of a percentage that is slowly updated over time like a Bayesian network. Often times, the moment when people are really to confess their faith is after a shift has occurred in more belief than not, but often you don’t notice the shift until later after it has already happened.
He suggested that I don’t force myself and more so wait until I think that I’m ready. But also cautioned that I shouldn’t wait and wait for myself to try to be at 100% belief or something as that’s not the point as the journey starts before then. Knowing that you’re ready is not super easy to tell per se, but it might just end up being a shift sort of thing than some big aha moment, especially since I am not usually a person driven largely by emotions, so I shouldn’t expect emotions to be at the forefront of knowing that I’m ready.
Also, when I do feel that I’m ready, belief with one’s self is important an all, but the big step to becoming Christian is confessing this belief to others. At life group or just with Glen or whenever. Lots to process really. I still partly feel that I’m somewhat ready, but I still feel like I need to have some sort of click whether it’s a big aha sort of thing or not.
Seeing how driven by Christianity Dr. King was surely encourages me though. Don’t force anything though, bro. Let’s be patient. God will help me keep taking steps, and will help me take that bigger step once I’m ready.
Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson
