Sunday 1 February 2015
Dear Good Sir,
Today brought with it some interesting experiences and some progress religiously. I ended up going along with the feelings that I should go to Wyatt’s brunch thing. Plus, I didn’t oversleep this time. I walked over and ended up being the first one there. One thing that struck me upon walking into his place was the Rippingtons music playing. Yes! He listens to them apparently. I had a dumb moment of saying Rick Braun as I didn’t think about it long when I tried to identify what artist, but yeah.
The brunch itself was really awesome though. There ended up being 6 of us total, all from the life group. The actual cooking was nice as cooking is usually always fun anyway. But it was also just fun being around them and such. There was a point that I was saying to myself that the spirit was moving in here. I was just feeling very happy that I was there. And when Ben asked me if I wanted to join them for church after brunch, I felt moved at that point to even say yes.
And I’m glad that I went. It ended up being really great. While the church itself doesn’t necessarily appeal to me 100% just for its slight over-dramatization with the intense lighting and background sounds, the pastor was still good, even if he’s not Glen with his awesome, logical sermons. And again, the message almost felt like it was designed for me specifically. I forget how he worded it, but he said things that ended up for me matching to the protest, for something hard and difficult happening recently. “A trap set by the enemies.”
But instead of seeing it as a bad thing and being unhopeful about it, instead he told us to trust in God using this event as a test for us and for something for us to grow and get something out of. And that we should trust in God making it work out right now, instead of waiting until after God has done it then praising him afterwards. Anyone can do the latter. The former is the thing that really requires faith and can really do things for us. Essentially, we should praise God now for the work that He will do in our lives.
And this makes sense to be honest. I should be hopeful and trusting right now. Sitting here and continuing to be unhopeful and down about it won’t do any good. Especially with how long it might be until there is any sort of closure. And the pastor’s right, I’ve already gotten so much out of it. I’m sure there’s even more growth to be had.
But as I hinted at earlier, this morning really felt like more “signs” even if small. The actually finally going to Wyatt’s which led to feeling inspired to answer yes to the invitation to church after Albert happening to miss his ride to church which led to him asking Ben if he wanted to go to church and drive which in turn led to Ben asking me if I wanted to join them, then the very applicable message during the sermon which hit directly with where I am. I’m still not quite sure where I am or what direction to be heading in, but I’m doing better than after the protest and I feel like I have made some progress since the protest in framing the protest in a better way especially religiously now.
Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson
