Sunday 18 January 2015
Dear Good Sir,
Errr...uhhh...ummm?
I’m gonna just start with one thing that’s on my mind and avoid the other thing for now because...yeah. 
So Silicon Shutdown stuff is taking off again. Tonight, I joined Mina, Dina, and others for an action outside a movie theatre in Mountain View. We waited for a showing of the Selma movie, about Martin Luther King, to finish and for the people to walk out from it. Then, we suddenly burst into some call and response as we formed a formation, seen in the movie and symbolic in general as Dina read out a speech to the crowd that grew and grew.
Overall, the actual action itself didn’t last a very long time, as the point we definitely not to fully disrupt the movie theatre, but just be seen. After it was over, we walked over to another area and debriefed. Or started trying to, before a lady walked up suddenly and started questioning us and our motives and what we were doing. Before long, she was going off on us and how we weren’t representing what MLK stood for and all this stuff. Which I was I just thinking...mmm... I don’t know about that.
But then she said something that just crossed the line way way way way too far. Effectively, she said something along the lines of “in this world where people make the choice of being poor.” Um...WHAT did you just say? Are you………………..
I can’t, bro. I can’t even write about this right now. Her words just hit too close to home. I could feel anger starting to creep over my body again just from thinking about what she said, let alone from starting to type about it. I just can’t believe that there are people out there that would say things like that or even believe them. I just can’t handle that right now.
This afternoon and this evening, I attended a training for an “action” set for tomorrow, i.e. on MLK day. I won’t go into details right here right now in case Google is watching and informs the police (err…), but it’s gonna be crazy. Like crazier than the 101 shutdown they did last quarter. What makes this even more crazy over the other protest I did, is that I have all this time to feel and think about it before it. Last time, I only had a few hours of warning then bam we were there. This time, there’s all this thinking time the day before.
There’s risk of arrest involved with tomorrow. I wasn’t quite sure how I felt about this earlier today, especially when they were first talking about it and bringing it up. But after some pondering, while I am still nervous about tomorrow, I am definitely totally for going and taking part despite the risk. When it comes down to it, 50 years ago, the risk that protestors in the civil rights movement were taking were so much more than the risk I take tomorrow. Tomorrow comes nowhere close to be honest. Not only was the risk of arrest significantly higher, but physical safety was on the line. People died.
But thankfully, due to the steps that people took 50 years ago, I and everyone else right now, don’t have to take such risks. They were able to make things better enough to reduce those risks for us. And now, it’s our turn to continue what needs to be done. Moving the world in a better direction, even if it’s only very small steps at a time. It’s still steps in the right direction. Steps that need to be taken. You have my full faith and approval, bro. Go for it.
Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson
