Tuesday 3 February 2015
Dear Good Sir,
Tonight was an interesting and good night for dreaming. Caitlyn had been there when I went to bed and stayed for awhile. I woke up later in the night, still hearing them talking and focused on being calm about that and focused on recording the dream I just had also noting that it was 4 am. In order to get more sleep, I decided that I wouldn’t run in the morning but in the afternoon and changed my alarm accordingly. She left soon after and and I continued sleeping, and ended up waking up after each cycle for the next few cycles. I even changed my alarm again later on, this time disabling it completely.
After all of this, in total, I got 4 dreams recorded. Which is a huge record for the year and for awhile as I haven’t done anything like this in awhile. By awhile, I mean since back in high school or whenever when I was doing some crazy stuff like 4+ very frequently. But hey, that can happen again. As further inspiration, I ask you to recall that sleep paralysis experience back in October last quarter. That happened here in this room, yes. But the room doesn’t matter either. I just mean that you’ve had recent experiences. On top of the steadily increasing awareness skills of yours.
I’ve been preparing for the monthly analysis the past few days, but as I was about to start writing it tonight, something came up that I just want to write briefly about for the future regarding the monthly analysis in general. Essentially, what I want to point out is that the monthly analysis is intended as just that: an analysis, not a recap. In other words, the point shouldn’t be to list over the important things that happened and list out how things went. For the most part, I can just go back and read over journals and recordings for that. No, the point is to analyze and discuss. So just keep that in mind for the future with these pieces.
Something that has been bothering me since yesterday is regarding Chelsea. I already talked last night about the awkward experience I had and the action, or lack thereof, that I would do differently if I could. But I’ve been feeling bad about it more today, especially after seeing her tonight and not being able to say anything to her because she was on the phone and halfway, almost sensing that something might be up. But it’s hard to tell. I just wish I had gone upstairs last night and talked to her. Plus, she only responds to texts on few occasions. But whatever, it’s all in the past.
Currently, my plan is to wait and see if she responds until Chi Alpha tomorrow night. If not, I’ll look for at Chi Alpha and hopefully do some catching up and schedule a dinner. If I don’t see her because she wasn’t there then I’ll call her later that night and try to check in that way, either leaving a voicemail or another text if she doesn’t answer. If I don’t see her for some other reason then I’ll have to decide how to act depending on that specific scenario as I’m not sure what that would even entail. My biggest priority is just making sure everything’s okay in her life.
In terms of you, dude, though, you need to calm it down. I understand that positive in-person interactions have been the rock from which you were basing how things are, but you can’t just conclude that things aren’t okay from one or two not as positive. And it’s not like the interactions were negative anyway. Today wasn’t really even an interaction per se.
In fact, this isn’t even worth worrying about. Seriously. From a perspective of “courting”, I don’t even have much information to make any sort of conclusion on how things are going. But just in general, courting isn’t even what I am focused on right now. I want to focus on cultivating our friendship. Other stuff can come later if at all.
I do sort of want to apologize about Monday regardless if it’s necessary or not from her perspective, but even with that in mind, I’m not doing that because I am worried about where we are or something. I want to do that because I care and I didn’t like how it went from my side and would have done things differently in retrospect and just want her to know that regardless of what she may have thought.
I was doing some thinking earlier regarding both Chelsea and Mina, and in general, I feel that I am okay with the idea of mentioning how I feel to Chelsea specifically at some point this quarter, but in such a way that doesn’t go down the road of a relationship as I’m not sure that’s the best idea for going into the break. Instead, it’s more so that I want her to be aware of the way I feel, hearing it directly from me, before the break, just so that’s it something that she knows, and how things go later on can be determined later. I also want to tell her from my perspective in terms of holding myself to how I feel right now and not letting necessarily that the hiatus from Stanford push anything away. Or if it does, then I want to hold myself accountable to tell Chelsea that come the fall or whatever.
But I still am not settled on that or when that would even be. In terms of Mina, I am a lot less okay with the idea of saying something this quarter, partly because we are supposed to be writing to each other, but also, all the extra factors in the case of her situation. But again, I’d like to see where the rest of this quarter goes first, before making any sort of decision to action or non-action in regards to both of them.
If worry tries to nag you again, the I implore you to remember the protest. Remember the perspective shift that occurred. The old habits of my mind might still be somewhat stuck in the past, but the train has shifted tracks and soon enough, the caboose will be on the shifted side too. You just gotta keep working to redirect on to the tracks. It’ll take time, but eventually, you’ll get there.
And to end, I just want to point out lovely and wonderful it has been to be going to breakfast at Ricker lately. It reminds me of past times of wonderfulness there. I think last quarter, I set on a conquest to end going to breakfast as much for some reason, but I have been making room for this quarter through the lunch work shifts and swipes not being used in other places which has been giving me time to go to breakfast more often. And it’s just nice. It’s nice to have that time in the morning to both enjoy delicious food and do whatever. I suppose I do miss the company of close friends with breakfast, but that’s hard to arrange unfortunately, and I get to see friends the rest of the day generally anyway.
Continue your nightly prayer and learn to trust in God. I think doing that is something else that can help you with letting go of the worry. God has a plan. And I believe that. Or at least, I’m really moving in that direction. More signs (as defined in the past) would be appreciated and only serve to help boost my trust. Also, just remember like the bible verse from earlier: give to God what belongs to God, i.e. me. You shouldn’t be trying to give yourself to others in the sense of feeling in your mind that you are judging yourself based on other’s measures or based on how they might feel you, etc. This is God’s job and God’s job alone. He’s also my lawyer, so it’s all good, yo.
Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson
