Saturday 21 February 2015
Dear Good Sir,
I have discovered a new passion today, as well as revealing to myself how powerful my mind can be when I really use it very consciously well. Today was our visit to Tahoe with SJEC. I originally was planning not to go the mountain itself for skiing, but due to an error on my part with telling someone we could refund his ticket since they didn’t want to go, I ended up just taking his ticket instead. Boy, am I glad that happened.
I rode up the lift to the slopes remembering my previous experience with skiing and all the falling and fear that it involved. I knew that I should probably stick with the other beginners for now until I could become more accustomed. I ended up going around with Atsu, him trying to help me figure it out. At a certain point, I realized that people could tell me all of the secrets of skiing, but that wouldn’t help me much right now. What I needed to do was just practice, practice, practice.
So I sucked up resistance against falling and just kept going at it. And going at it. And I fell. A lot. Hell, over the course of the day I had to have fallen over 50 times if not even more. But each time I fell down, in a sense, I was a bit happy. Each fall signified improvement. I began to embrace falling. And to a humorous point, At a certain point, to show just how much I was falling, I realized that I was learning how to get up from falling REALLY well. I found the angle relative to downhill that I should position myself then I picked myself up and was back on my feet/skies just like that.
We were at the same place as last year, so I already knew the initial really “easy” slope, with all of its horrible crowdness and extra anxiety caused by people passing around you left and right, even if it isn’t necessarily steep. Thankfully, we decided to go to another one of the green easy slopes that was a bit longer, but still along the same difficulty. What an important moment of the day in leading to my development. Or at least, providing a better environment for my development.
This particular slope, called Maggie’s, had a few steep moments and two scary curves as well as a narrow part towards the end. Despite all of this, especially the first time, I immediately noticed a significant less amount of people in comparison to the other slope. Beyond this, during my first run on this slope, I finally started to pick up on something VERY important for learning, control, certainly the biggest thing that I was struggling with and the thing that was keeping me from being able to successfully ski since it was causing me to lean to the side on purpose and fall whenever I felt I couldn’t control my speed.
What I began to notice was actually how to do the pizza crust thing. I had been taught about that from the start, but it wasn’t until around now that I actually started realizing how it was done. The nuance was that beforehand I wasn’t really pressing weight down into the ski to help dig it into the snow to create friction to slow down. Beacuse of starting to pick up how to do this properly, my first run of Maggie’s went quite well in comparison to any run I had done previous because, although as a result I was going very slow, I was able to be constantly applying the breaks which led to some control. My panicking whenever I felt like I was losing control continued, but that would soon dissolve.
My excitement after that first run with finally starting to pick up on something is shown in my large disappointment at the fact that we were going to take a lunch break now. I just wanted to get back on the slopes and do run after run, so I could keep getting better. Which is what happened after lunch. It certainly still wasn’t easy. Still lots of falling and moments of feeling that I was regressing. But overall, definitely large amounts of improvement.
In fact, I am still QUITE shocked by the amount of improvement I showed over the course of the day. After lunch when I started doing runs with Yuma, I kept working and pushing and improving until a point when I decided to start going for the goal of completing the run without falling. Yeah. That is a big deal for the sheer absurdity that it sounded to me at the time and even now just because of how much I was falling at the start.
What became even crazier than actually completing this goal was what I started trying for after this. I started trying to become comfortable with speed. Speed. The thing that had me panicking and falling over on purpose hours before. I reached the point by my last run of feeling not only comfortable with speed, but actually very much seeking out speed to the extent of my speed-loving nature when biking. 
I’m still not quite sure how I pulled off this vast improvement over the course of the day, though there is one thing that I think vastly contributed to the process which was the very conscious use of my mind in getting better. The whole day, I was being very conscious and particular in focusing my mind on dissolving the pieces of fear that I had regarding the different parts of skiing that was causing me a lot of anxiety, for example, people passing me left and right or not wanting to go too close to the edge.
Whenever a situation came up that I could feel was causing me anxiety, I would tell myself that it’s okay and something pertinent to that situation and why it was okay  For example, in terms of fearing the edge whether being too close or on turns, I would just tell myself that I personally would NOT let you go over the edge or anything. This constant reassurance and focus on dissolving anxiety over these triggers came to be very effective in reducing the anxiety.
I also was just making a conscious effort to push myself outside of my comfort area in terms of pushing the limits of my comfort, so maybe practicing more with going slightly faster, etc. I think this was another element that really helped as it caused me to never just stay where I was, but gave me something to improve on every run. And by the end of the day, on that last run, I took my need for speed and combined it with the earlier goal to do the whole run without falling. And I succeeded with flying colors. 
Outside of this newfound passion, I also have a very good example under my belt of how powerful and useful the mind can be when you put it to careful, conscious utilization. I was able to overcome fear today through this and determined perseverance. This gives me the courage to continue to make some of the changes that I have been cultivating as of late and in re-doubling my efforts in overcoming other fears.
But yes, generalization aside, by the end of the day, I found myself obsessed with this activity called skiing. I literally want to go skiing again as soon as possible. There’s just something about skiing that I never seen any other activity that I’ve taken part in, not even biking. There’s something in the intersection of the high speeds, fun manuvering and closeness to the ground. In fact, I think it really has to do with that closeness. You really are on the ground and really feel all the bumps and everything, even more to an extent than I‘d say on a bike. You’re just right there and can get lots and lots of speed and manuever like crazy. It’s beautiful.
So needless to say, I am going to be making a very concerted effort to go skiing in the future as much as possible. In all honesty, this current obsession with skiing that I am feeling right now may even reach the point of affecting my decision of where to live in the future. I am TOTALLY down with living in a cold environment if that means regular skiing. That’s just how much I think I want to ski in the future. I couldn’t be more thankful to being exposed to it and being granted the ability to recognize its wonderfulness through improvement in my skiing skills today. Here’s to years and years and years more of skiing!
Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson
