Wednesday 4 March 2015
Dear Good Sir,
The Erina saga continues to develop after yesterday’s many events including Thai Cafe and after in addition to the big post-presentation dinner and last night’s (writing this early the next day) 序子会 (with boys) in Okada. The former two events weren’t necessarily that noteworthy in terms of things to write about here though both included good bonding time with Erina.
Though I guess, that’s not totally true that there’s not necessarily much noteworthy to write here. After we all had been sitting in the quad a while eating and people were starting to be finished, at some point, Erina said that she needed to go buy a thank you card and asked me if I could come too for some reason. Since I basically just needed to hang out until my group was ready to practice, I said yes.
But then, after people started to leave, I noticed something starting to happen. Before long it was just me, Erina, and Russ left. Yeah. Then, it became worse for me when he asked me what I was up to now after talked about where to get the thank you card and such. I tried to play it off well and phrased it as, “just hanging out until my group wants to practice.” Then, the three of us proceeded to walk to the bookstore together which was weird.
Though at the same time, it wasn’t that weird and, right now at least, things aren’t necessarily weird with Russ. I think the fact that I have been making an effort to be friendly and sociable with him whenever I can, in addition to the fact, that it’s not necessarily obvious to everyone (well maybe it wasn’t obvious at that point of the day…) that I am interested Erina. It does add an extra level of complication though that apparently he’s not going to Kyoto just in the summer, but he’s taking off next quarter and heading there then. I laughed in my head when he said something about the three of us can hang out. Or I don’t know if he said it that way, but more so that all of the SJEC people in Kyoto next quarter can hang out. Either way, it causes me nervous laughter.
Dinner was more me and her hanging out and talking like at the bookstore after Russ left. Which was nice. But the thing I need to write about is last night. Oh boy. Things have really escalated. Or they could have or could soon. Or maybe I am really that smooth and can continue to evade escalation for now. Anyway, at the gathering in Ivana’s room, at the start, I was sitting on a different side from Erina despite my trying to make an effort to choose my seat wisely. There were small amounts of drinks, but I decided to drink. As if it was a decision though. More like, I’ve lately been drinking every time that it’s there. And thing was, when I poured that first drink, I was saying to myself at the time, as looked and saw both Erina and Seina in the room, I’m probably going to end up doing something stupid tonight. Mmm...not quite.
Lots of good times were being had though anyway despite not being near or getting to interact with Erina as this was an awesome event that should have been done earlier maybe. But then a golden moment opened up, which my pro-finding-openings self noticed immediately. Essentially, Wakaba moved over off the bed to in between Zane and I to watch something on his phone. What made this better was that the amount of space here was small, so things were a bit comfortable. Which gave me one reason already to move. 
But I waited and another reason came in the form of Wakaba talking to someone on my left (I forget who at this point HAHA. I wasn’t THAT drunk though, there’s also fatigue involved here). The opening there, I proceeded to get up at that point and move over to the empty space on the bed thing closer to Erina, and Seina for that matter. And then proceeded to play off why I moved so well and smoothly as if there wasn’t any other secret motive.
And then from there, I was able to talk to Erina. And talk to Erina I did. Essentially, the rest of the night, despite the large number of people in the room. But our talking on the side wasn’t that incredibly noticeable in the sense that it could take place at the same time as the rest of the group talking together for the most part. There were several times when we started laughing really hard or something said that brought in a few others or Dina, or times when I turned to the rest of the group and started interacting for a moment. All things that helped downplay to the rest of the group, the interactions Erina and I were having.
And I learned some things about her that rather increase my interest in her. There’s more to her than my mind wants to try to easily label her as. One thing was when I was asking her about her role as president of CASK and she started talking about Shunya and how she is concerned with him having power now and trusting him due to things that she has heard about him especially in contrast or in lack of what he told her. There was just a sense of responsibility and actual care about leadership that I was getting from here that I had not seen before as she hadn’t expressed such things before.
The moment that I have been hinting at all throughout this journal though is the really big moment of the night. I am still not entirely sure what led up to this moment in terms of how the conversation went this way. But there reached a point that I was asking her something and I saw an opening appear. Maybe, she was talking about was she thought of the officers or something. I forget to be honest. But somehow, I asked the right question to get her to start telling me that she liked me. I think it was a series of why questions. Me asking why she liked me, though it was unclear what sort of like she meant.
But based on her responses, whoa. Essentially, she started saying how I am very easy to talk to, kind, funny, responsible, all of these things. And either in my slightly alcohol-influenced state or through the ways that I have changed in more recent times, I stayed totally cool under hearing her say these things. And I totally managed to playoff this moment in such a way that I didn’t have to express how I felt right then and there. I think I did this by directing things towards whether she felt this way about all of the officers or if this was just me. But it was more luck. Because at this point, Dina started asking what characteristics I was referring to or something. And then, other things started happening in the room, and I was able to let the moment pass. Also, she wasn’t necessarily saying these things in such a way that I had to respond immediately or something. Because it wasn’t in the certain context of her telling me that she liked me (in a romantic way) and why. But more so in an officer sort of way.
But I am quite certain that while I was able to direct things in this officer sort of way and keep the context like that, there was and is more to it than that from her side. I think she essentially confessed herself to me. But due to my cleverness and luck, and maybe her slight alcohol-influenced-ness, I don’t think she fully realized how I took it. Which is the key to why I can postpone expressing myself to her.
As I think I should wait to be honest. Trying to start something here during the program just doesn’t sound smart. Even in the last few days. I understand that I’ve certainly gotten more daring as the program is ending, but I have enough self-control and patience to not be THAT daring.
This does move things in such a way that I do feel ready on my end to take action once the right timing and opening appears. As in the deadlock may be broken. Which is superb. One thing that is helping is one, hearing why she likes me, and two, having more reasons from my end to like her. That would be, one, in duality with what she said, I think it is very easy to talk her too, but furthermore, I find it really easy to be myself with her, which is not something I can say with other people. In addition, I like that our interactions can both be really, really fun, but also promoting learning, self-development, cultural exchange, and so on.
I think her extreme interest for America, as in wanting to live here and even expressing that she wishes she could go to Stanford, versus my interest in Japan could be a source of contention. Though at the same time, I am not entirely sure that I’d want to even live in Japan semi-permanently in the future. I feel like I’d rather have it be more of a place to frequently visit while living more permanently in the US. So maybe, that could be fine there.
In terms of future plan, I think I should wait until the program is over, so likely in Japan, to express myself if I want to do that. I think there is just too much risk involved with trying to start something here due to the awkwardness that it could lead to for a number of reasons. But then at the same time, I also have some concern for next quarter and saying something due to the potential love triangle drama that could come up. But at the same time, I don’t know that things would even go that way as Russ doesn’t necessarily seem like the type to go over drama like that.
Also, from my end, I don’t know him that well for it to be a thing of backing off in respect which I would do otherwise. Especially, if I’m right in that she likes me. I feel like if anything, it should become a thing that he does that for me if things actually go that way. But yeah. We’ll see how things go over the next few days and then in the weeks before Kyoto, and then once I get to Kyoto. Please, continue to be present and enjoy the journey. The destination ain’t important, yo.
Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson
