Wednesday 25 February 2015
Dear Good Sir,
I think I have noticed this before, but I am not sure that I’ve written about it. It occurred to me again last night that I have intense sympathy for other human beings. When I say intense sympathy, I mean crazy amounts. In fact, it’s to such an extent that I question whether it’s a good thing or not due to the fact that, when I sympathize with someone but feel that there’s nothing that I can do to help them in whatever it is that they are going through, I tend to feel intense distress. I just feel so bad when I see others suffering, so I really REALLY want to do something to help them, but often times there’s nothing I can do which just makes me feel worse.
This came up last night when Seina was upset about something and was talking to some of the participants in Japanese about it. At a certain point, I was standing in a circle with her and a few others and they talked away in Japanese about it, and all I could do was just stand there and suffer in my lack of Japanese ability to follow the conversation. I picked up words here and there and tried to put something together from it, knowing it had something to do with Kengo and Mizuki, but realizing later on in the night that my pieced together theory was wrong.
But the theory part aside even, I got the feeling that even if I knew what was going on, I’d still not really be able to do anything to help. Which is just a horrible feeling for me. I just can’t stand this. Helplessness to friends sucks. 
I’m not really sure what can be done about this if anything, but I just wanted to point it out and write about it at least. Maybe bringing more awareness to this part of me might help me do something about it. Or maybe it’ll at least reveal something to me about my deeper self which may be important in decisions later or something. I don’t know. Awareness is always good though.
And the other thing that I’d like to write about tonight is totally in the opposite direction in terms of mood. It has been growing more and more in my attention that I am probably not going to be having any simplicity in my love life right now. Or in terms of options. In fact, my options seem to be growing exponentially as the quarter continues. The wide range of options that I have right now (or at least, that I am assuming that I have) simply astounds me. I guess it’s just that I’m not used to such things.
But you need to get used to it, bro! This is how it is now. I have changed and therefore my life has changed with me. I think one of the biggest changes that has led to what is taking place here is the confidence that I have for myself now. Confidence in a wide avenue of areas. I think it really shines out somehow despite the fact that I certainly don’t feel like I’m trying to exude it. It must have a very tangible effect on my exterior presence and aura.
I don’t really want to list out these options in respect to these women and the fact that they aren’t objects to be listed out in such a way. Something that is starting to emerge as a factor that just can’t ignore in terms of romantic interest in general would be the chemistry sort of stuff that I discussed a few journals ago in terms of interactions. 
Beyond what I said before, it has rose up even more to my attention due to the fact that I have discovered someone else besides Divya that seems to be falling into the boat of someone that is bringing out the true me pretty easily. Or that I’m in general having real and fun interactions with. Which would be the one who seems like a bit too much to me though: Erina. It was Monday that this “chemistry” came to my attention on the walk back from Jerry when I did an initial instigation of messing with her which led to a long chain of it that was extraordinarily reciprocated back by both of us and has continued since then to the point of continuation over messaging and such. Which is interesting to say the least.
But then there’s still Chelsea who I saw today which reminded me of her presence and all and leaves me wondering about this whole options thing and also the chemistry thing. Is there something in my interactions with Erina and Divya that is preferred or better than my interactions with Chelsea. I still feel a bit joke-y and such with Chelsea, but it’s certainly not the same way. I feel like I’m still censoring my troll nature with her, especially when I look at how I interact with the others. 
But I don’t know. It’s all confusing as usual. I don’t really expect any clarity. Instead, I’ll just keep going through, enjoying the options that I think I have, and eventually taking a shot and seeing what happens. It is all about the exploration, you know.
Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson
