Sunday 25 January 2015
Dear Good Sir, 
BLARGH! I'm sorry. Just the Mina coming out in me. This whole week, I've heard time and again of people expressing their negative views regarding the protest to people that were there and could understand why those receiving the views would be angry, yet, I was having trouble feeling this anger towards the naysayers since I just have trouble being angry in general and because it was just at a distance that I was hearing about this.
But tonight, I got to experience it firsthand. As Mina and I were coming back from dinner, two residents started talking to us on the way up the stairs and at some point one of them started expressing how he wasn’t sure if what the protesters did was a good idea. We stopped down the hall, and Mina did a wonderful job of explaining first from more of a third-party perspective then from our point of view as well. I just tried not to be angry right there.
But after we left and I was back in the safety of her room, I could feel the anger coming over me. Now I see what she means about being angry at everyone. There was a part of me that was just hoping that people didn’t actually think this way and that it was only just a few outlier people. But I don’t know anymore. That guy that was expressing that sentiment has always seemed like a really ordinary guy to me. And to hear HIM saying those things. What the heck? This couldn’t possibly just be an outlier sort of thing.
I didn’t let myself get too heated as I just didn’t feel like dealing with that (though now that I think about it, I feel like I sort of enjoy being angry, the past few times that it has happened (i.e. like once or twice last quarter) for whatever reason, but that’s a journal for another day), but I certainly could have. It’s just SO easy for people to say and express those negative things when they weren’t there and just don’t understand. And then it’s SO hard to try to help them understand, because, one, I’m not really at the point of being ready to form coherent and critical thoughts about the whole thing, two, and I don’t even know what to say to most people with these views that would even do any good.
But I’m not going to concern myself with that too much right now, as I’m not at the point to be needing to think about this significantly as I won’t really be at a point of being able to do this for people any time soon anyway. Instead, the next step of the process for me right now, I think is telling my family about what has happened. In fact, I was trying to do that today, this evening, as I felt ready before after dinner to tell them. But everyone happened to be busy at the time when I called, so it has been postponed to tomorrow at this point, as by later tonight, I was certainly in no state to be talking to them about it. Plus, hypnoemotions is a thing, but yeah.
And now, after having gone back to read last night’s journal (the way I journal really feels like a Texts in Conversation sometimes, as in the thing from PWR), I am really laughing at my naivety again. But for different reasons now. Tonight, I had a complete decomposition of what I said last night, or to some extent. In other words, that wondering part of me kicked in again. And my policy and opinion on whether this is okay has shifted.
This shift is mostly due to perspective change regarding how I treat myself and the way I feel. While I was thinking before that because I feel the way that I do about her and because her happiness and state of being good is such an importance to me, that my priority should be ensuring that at any cost, even to myself. Meaning, that I shouldn’t tell her of that extent of feelings for her.
But, now I am seeing a potential shift in that I’m questioning whether it’s okay for me to do that to myself. To let myself feel that way about her and then just stand on the sidelines moving to support her. I feel like, one, this could be an injustice to me. And I’m human too. So I need to treat myself more like a human, which might mean, not letting myself keep such a thing to myself, especially for an extended time.
But, another reason is more so regarding her. One thing that I haven’t mentioned yet what led to the wondering returning and this shift in terms of her. She was getting really really mad at Dan again tonight. I think that things started to return for me at a point when she was saying some of the crap that he has done to her. And thinking, am I okay with that happening to her in the future? I’m probably being very naive and dumb in asking this, but if it was me, wouldn’t that stop her from having to deal with those things?
Other things that contributed would be a bunch of small things like my name being mentioned along Clayton when she was exclaiming names in a “f you Dan” moment. Catching her looking at me a moment of pause at some point that I forget the context of at this point, then her looking away when I looked up. Her asking if she can write me letters to me in Japan. Such small things to be honest. Well, besides the latter.
----- (breaks in time between writing that may be noticeable, but I want to point out one of them anyway)
All stupidity and romanticizing aside, I have reached the point now of being okay with this wondering and even okay with the thought of expressing how I am feeling. Eventually. That’s the key word though. It’s not at ALL a thing that I would be saying any time soon. It would have to be a thing of next year at some point or something. There are too many reasons that I just wouldn’t be okay with it for right now, almost to the extent that I don’t see any reason why I need to list them but I’ll do it anyway: Chelsea, Dan, I’m gonna be gone for at least 5 months ON TOP of the added months if she’s gone in Paris fall quarter.
There are a number of reasons for this change besides what I wrote earlier. I guess the biggest thing is just realizing that the way I feel about her is unique to how I feel about anyone outside of my family right now. While I might be wrong and I may be naive for even trying to say such a thing at this point, I feel like I’m close to unconditional feelings for her. As in, I feel like I’d be there no matter what for her. But that’s a hard thing to say.
But then there’s this other thing that came up tonight. Which may or may not also be the sign from God that I have been asking for as of late. To be specific since I don’t think I formally journaled about this, I have been asking for a sign from God. Last night’s understanding of what the sign would be is a something that I literally cannot come up with an explanation for the something besides as an action and sign by God. I’m still pondering over it, but I may or may not have had this sign appear tonight.
Mina and I were talking about journaling and I was asking about handwritten versus typing. At some point, she started showing me each of her 12 journals that she has gone fully through so far. At some point, she reached one upon which I saw a sticker on the corner. After closer inspection, I realized that it was the leaf of the ginkgo biloba. Upon explanation, I learned that this tree is also her favorite tree. There were tons of them around her in New York when she was growing up and her mom bought her this children’s book called Ginkgo and the Moon which made her love the tree even more.
Yeah. MY MIND IS ASPLODING RIGHT NOW. How could this be possible? This is like the most and absolutely confusing thing ever. I can’t even right now.
Seriously. What are the chances that SHE of all people, when I honestly know NO other human being that loves these trees like me? SERIOUSLY. I am feeling like the chances of this are just absurdly absurd. Her, who TONIGHT, when I am starting to have all of this wondering again and reaching a point that I am totally okay with this wondering, I learn that she loves this tree as much as me. Is there ANY other way of explaining this?
Because if there’s not, then I hope you realize the significance of this. That this could be a sign from God. It’s something that I cannot explain by any other explanation and the timing of this revelation was unmistakably key. I am still so shocked even now. This is just one of the weirdest things that I can think of of happening in recent memory since...yes, the religion/Chelsea moment back in December. This falls in exactly the same boat to be honest.
Which makes me want to make that conclusion. That this is the sign that I have been asking for. My ONLY hesitation is that this specific instance has seemingly nothing to do with religion, innately at least. Perhaps, I can try to make such a connection? But she’s atheist. So that complicates that. Unless it’s more of a divine sign of connection between our souls? I don’t know.
Clearly, I haven’t come to a decision on whether this is the sign or not. And I feel ridiculous as a result if I were to ask for another one just to be sure. But I don’t know. This is confusing. But I just can’t shake this (by the way, all of this is with staying completely and utterly independent of where things between Mina and I may go in the future). Think about it, dude! Let me lay it out for you. Due to a number of circumstances and dice rolls, I ended up attending Lovett (way way WAY too many to list out, though just to say one, Nita going to school at Spelman and continuing to live in Georgia (then there’s the thought of the fact that Spelman is in Georgia at all and BOOM an endless string of dice rolls that this continues)). And then, in the 9th grade at Lovett, for my biology class, I just HAPPENED to be assigned the ginkgo biloba (I have no memory if I chose this one or if it was assigned randomly or what). Then, I happened to gain the connection that I did for the ginkgo. Then, I happened to increase that connection to the point of wanting to take pictures of ginkgo’s whenever I see them. This is the ONLY tree that I can recognize like this and that causes me to make such an event out of seeing each one.
And then, to tell me, that there’s another person out there who is seemingly just as crazy about these trees who likely has as huge of a host of dice rolls that led to her to feeling this way about the tree (happened to grow up in a place with lots of them and noticed them and received that book, etc)? And then add in the fact that I happened to have met this person at all, but on top of that, she happens to be someone I am REALLY close with, and beyond that, a person that I am realizing I might have such strong feelings for romantically and such. And then to have this revelation of both loving the ginkgo at this particular moment. One, when I am in such deliberation over her, and two, when I happen to be looking for a sign like this. DAMN, bro. There’s WAY too many coincidences here. Could this possibly be anything but a sign from God?
Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson
