Monday 9 March 2015
Dear Good Sir,
A very interesting question came to my mind earlier when I was having dinner with Chelsea. What is stopping me from being the exact same way with Chelsea that I am with Erina? More specifically, what’s stopping me from being my troll-y true self with Chelsea? If you asked me a few months ago, I may have said, fear out of not wanting to turn her away or something along those lines. But I shouldn’t care so much now, right?
It was in the middle of dinner that this thought occurred to me. I think it came up because as I was sitting there, I started wondering about our interaction. While it’s not that I don’t think we have fun or anything, the thought suddenly came to me that I don’t think I am at all my troll-y self with her. Which is strange! How could this even be? 
Especially when I know that we laugh a lot together. If I’m not the one causing that then it must be all her? But I think I do contribute to it though which is another thing. So if I’m contributing but not through being my troll-y self then what is it? I think it could be the way I frame things. It’s just in a way of irony or different than expected? I don’t know. It’s hard to put it right exactly. 
Regardless, certainly a lot of it comes from Chelsea herself. She’s just a person that laughs a lot even if it’s not jokes per se or messing with you per se. It’s more a framing thing like I was saying before. So that could also be part of it, that I am just laughing with her often. And maybe we even have a congruence in our humors in terms of the whole framing thing.
Nonetheless, I would certainly say that my troll-y, silly self is not a thing with her currently. As in I was watching this evening after I started thinking about this. And again, this lack of it is REALLY strange. Not in the sense of how it could be. Honestly, I think it makes sense why it may have been this way, early on especially. I tend to filter myself excessively with people, not just that I don’t know well, but also people that I want to like me or that I want not to be scared off or whatever. Though honestly, would being troll-y and silly really scare someone off? Come on now.
I think a lot of why I am still not being my true troll-y, silly self with her, and more generally with anyone that I may know somewhat, is because that’s never what I’ve done, so why would I suddenly start? I’m just following the mould of the behavior that I’ve been doing since the start. I guess you could say, why fix what’s not broken?
But then that brings up the question again of why would I start being this way with anyone at all from the start? Good question. That after the past month, I think I have an answer too. I think it lies within my interactions both with Divya and Erina. Essentially, I think the answer is that I tried being this way with them once, which happened early on by chance, and I got good feedback from them as a result. So, naturally, in an optimization-sense, I tried again. Got good feedback. And so on.
Eventually, I just reached a point where I recognized consciously that it was more than just perfectly okay of a thing to do, but something that I should do with them. So I did. And honestly, in past interactions, I’d say this same cycle has happened, just in the case that I didn’t make those first attempts so early on. But later on, maybe when I felt more comfortable. But the same cycle of good feedback and redoing happened which led to myself more so being my true troll-y, silly self.
What am I getting at? Maybe I can do the same thing with Chelsea? As in, try being my true self and going through the good feedback cycle. Until the point where I can just be myself naturally without necessarily really trying. In other words, conditioning myself to drop the filtering. Though honestly, even with Erina, I noticed that there was still some thinking about things and at least thinking about filtering, though it was definitely toned down quite a bit. But I’m saying that maybe it’s always there to some extent at least.
I was trying to test this earlier. Though I was honestly finding it rather hard. The filter was really strong. I found myself very scared to say things. And the two or so instances that I did, I was very timid about it, so I was unable really to collect any feedback. In other words, it wasn’t useful. In other other words, if I want to actually get anywhere with this then I need to not be timid about it. I gotta be my confident self like I am with others that I’m comfortable being my true troll-y, silly self with.
And if this works out which I don’t really see any reason why it shouldn’t, then what would that mean? What if I had those awesome interactions with Chelsea that I have with Erina? Would that just make it moot with Erina if there’s also other stuff I really appreciate in Chelsea in general? Or more generally, with anyone else that I am able to extract such interactions? Or is there more to this in regards to Erina? Is there something about her that really brings out my true troll-y, silly self?
Part of me wants to say yes to be honest. That I think Erina may be more of a catalyst for this kind of thing in me, maybe in the same way of that of Divya. Though maybe even more so. Erina has even pointed it out to me, and even started doing it back to me eventually. And doesn’t the point that I’m at with her already mean something? As in the almost complete lack of filtering and the lack of fear that I have with being my true self with her. 
Also, part of me feels that my conditioning to be my true troll-y, silly self with her would overwrite anything else going on with me. As in, even if I was in a bad mood or if I was sad etc etc, I feel like my conditioning and feeling that I should be that way with her would cause me to push whatever else was going on for the moment to continuing my true self with her. This is just a guess at the moment and some experimentation (or just waiting for such conditions if they would even come) would be needed. Would this truly be the case?
Many questions. Not as many answers. More data will have to be collected and more analysis will have to be done.
But wait, there’s more! Call now and we’ll include… 
Another thought that has come to me since I started writing is that how does all of this play into my interactions with those that aren’t romantic interests. Which refers mostly to males, though also to females that are already dating or that are older or whatever. You know what I mean. Or also just more generally my interactions with anyone. 
When you think of it, my interactions with this group of people and in general are also defined by this good feedback loop. David and Mitsu are two good examples of this. David is a special example which likely occurred from his naturally troll-y self leading to me easily becoming comfortable that way with him. And with Mitsu, I think it just happened along the way especially after I started being myself with Erina.
Which again is interesting. Because that could mean that I could extract more fun interactions with people in general through consciously tapping into this good feedback loop. Which may make me more fun in general. In fact, what may even lead to me not even having to consciously go about this process or to rely on chance giving rise to this process in order to feel comfortable being my true self would be: wait for it: just being my true troll-y, silly self from the start all the time.
What do I need this good feedback loop for? Why do you care so much about what people think of you? And anyway, haven’t you seen from this past month that getting people to like you and think well of you may not be had from being super nice and polite and trying not to offend and bother people? Especially when you see that the opposite often occurs from this behavior? But now I’m starting to get into monthly analysis sort of stuff. So more on that there.
Which brings to mind one more thing. I had a wonderful idea occur to me earlier. Maybe instead of being so super strict about writing the monthly analysis only about the month itself, maybe I could be more loose about when the analysis is from and allow it to break from the month mould at times when needed. For example, right now, for February since it doesn’t make complete sense to not include this first week of March when the first week of March was such a part of what happened in February with SJEC and all. 
On top of that, when I’ve already reached the point of a week passing and I haven’t written yet, and things have happened that would contribute to the discussion of the month window, then why would I go about trying to avoid talking about these newer things in the discussion? Especially when it’s so hard! Come on now.
Thanks, Marcus Circus Francium Jackson
