Tuesday 27 January 2015
Dear Good Sir,
After hearing back from the organizers again, apparently it is technically okay for me to not be physically present on the court date, meaning I can use that as a way to still continue spring break plans as normal. I am still a bit concerned though about what will happen. I also worry that something could come out of it that would interfere with Japan plans. Community service assignment or something. I don’t know how much flexibility I have with that and whether they’d let me move it or what. But I guess I have a legitimately academic reason to be out of the country, so who knows, maybe if that happened, it would be fine. Hopefully, because I really want my Japan plans to continue as planned.
After today’s bible study with Holly’s group, I have decided how I will view the sign from Sunday. If you’ve somehow already forgot about this pivotal moment of my life, then I’ll remind you that I am referring to the revelation that Mina is also a devout fan and appreciater of the ginkgo biloba, seemingly as much as me. In the bible study, we were going around mentioning any experiences that we could think of praying and seeing a tangible or somewhat tangible result happening. So I brought up the sign from December and then this one from Sunday.
And after telling them about it, though I felt weird at the time, I think I’ve decided how I feel about it. That it truly was a sign from God, exactly as I asked. It fit completely what I was asking for: something that I honestly cannot explain by any explanation beside it being God. I think I may have been expecting something more religious-related which has caused some of my hesitancy in interpreting the sign for what it is. But it never had to be necessarily anyway.
Moving forward on this spiritual/religious journey, I’m not quite sure what the next steps will be. I am just thankful for all of the steps so far since this journey kicked off again in December. I guess what I’d like to see is more signs, maybe more religious-related ones, even bigger. That’s what I’ll pray for. Shameless audacity at its best here. I think it is signs like December and on Sunday that can really help me keep increasing my faith and belief. I think I am just very much in awe when I can’t come up with any other explanation. It’s just like, wow, God, you got me. Please do it again.
I guess another thing on my mind is Chelsea stuff and Mina. As you can probably tell, I am still VERY confused regarding all of this. I just don’t even know what to feel anymore or what to think. Especially since I have seen signs regarding both of them now. I don’t know how to proceed or if I should proceed at all. Really, at this point, I’ve reached the point of realizing that it doesn’t make much sense to really take any action this quarter. I got a huge span of time that’s gonna separate me from both of them soon.
But even with that in mind, I’m still confused as hell. I feel the way I do about Chelsea. With all the divine things in mind that I’ve had in mind since December and still have in mind now. But then Mina entered the picture suddenly over last week starting from the Sunday of the MLK weekend. And after Sunday, I, to some extent, feel some sort of divine-ness regarding her too. Which is SO confusing. How could I possibly have this cosmicness feel from both of them, at the same time? I guess I do personally believe that there is not just one soul mate out there for a person or one cosmic person. But either way, what are the chances that I’d know and be around two people that are cosmic for me at the same time? I feel like it’s hard and unlikely to meet someone like this in the first place, but two at once? 
I just don’t know. I think I’ll need to ask for some guidance on this matter. One nice thing though is that I don’t necessarily need to take any action right now per se, and have plenty of time to think about it. If I’m going to be writing to Mina next quarter and during the summer though, then I feel like she may have some advantage, but we’ll see. When it comes down to it, I have no control when it comes to matters regarding Mina or Chelsea even. Who knows what will be happening in their lives come the fall or next year. I can only pray and wait and see if I ever feel compelled by the spaces from which to act without moving. That’s about it. It’s just a journey when it comes down to it anyway. Not about the destination. So let’s just see what happens, yo.
Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson
