Monday 2 February 2015
Dear Good Sir,
Am I sleep deprived? Already? I don’t know. 110 has been a bit of struggle the past few weeks with staying up, but today was just horrible. I swear Jerry looked right at me at one point, which sure as hell waked me up, but I don’t know for sure, but it just looked like it. And this afternoon trying to study kanji was rough as well. And with 110, I have the slight excuse that I’m not really doing anything but sitting there, taking notes occasionally. But at least with the kanji, I was actively writing them and moving up and down on the computer and such. Why was I getting so sleepy?
I guess this is something more so to go discuss in the monthly analysis *hint hint, nudge nudge*, but my sleep last month wasn’t great, but it wasn’t that bad. I am just unsure how it could be causing such sleepiness. Or maybe it’s me. I don’t know. More on this another time (i.e. the monthly analysis, just wanted to include today’s relevance).
Today at dinner, I had quite a surprise which led to some awkwardness and action or lack of action that I would have done differently in retrospect. I was sitting with David and Saurabh, and at one point, they both got up to get dessert. As I was sitting there, suddenly a person was to my left. Chelsea! I feel like she has a habit of sneaking up on me. Perhaps, I was struck by her beauty, this specific instance.
But she asked if I was sitting with anyone, and I was not sure what to say as yes I was, but I also wouldn’t mind sitting with her, but also we were almost done, and on and on. I just had a bunch of things that I might say and froze up with which one to say, but after a few seconds muttered out that I was sitting with my roommate. It wasn’t that I didn’t want her to sit with us, but that I was worried because we were almost done and I would feel bad leaving her. Eventually, she said, oh I just remembered that I need to do work. It sounded like something fabricated on the spot, but I don’t know.
Again, in retrospect, I would have, one, either invited her to join us and just stay with her after they left as I wouldn’t mind doing that anyway. Or two, after we got up, went and at least joined her for a moment upstairs. But I didn’t. But I feel like I shouldn’t be too hard on myself as much as I want to though. I really don’t have too high a sample size with experiences with these sorts of social interactions. It really is hard for me to do what I actually, especially when I get nervous on the spot like that versus getting to think about it for a moment.
I’m not quite sure what to do to improve my on the spot social interactions. It seems like once I think it through I have a certain action that I’d like to take in a given scenario. But I don’t have time to think when its an ON THE SPOT interaction. And it’s not like I can go through and think about each and every scenario beforehand. The set of scenarios is infinite essentially.
But there probably is some amount of generalization that can occur between scenarios in terms of applying things you realized from one thing to others. So perhaps, some thought about potential scenarios coupled with just trying to gain more experience in general could help? I don’t really know what exactly the thinking about potential scenarios would look like, but it’s something to keep in mind I suppose. Perhaps, also something that could be cultivated to practice in lucid dreams? Sounds good to me.
Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson
