Friday 6 March 2015
Dear Good Sir,
More updates since I last wrote. After telling David and later Gina yesterday about the stuff regarding Erina that happened Wednesday night, I ended up deciding to tell Mitsu too. It took awhile for me to feel comfortable with doing this, but, boy, am I glad that I told him. Part of the reason that I wanted to tell him was to see if I could get any useful information out of him as a result. Which is certainly something that happened. But eventually also, I just wanted to tell him because he is my friend and I feel that I can trust him.
He told me some things he knew regarding Erina. For one, in terms of Russ from her side, I know it’s out of the question now. Apparently, she doesn’t like guys that are aggressive. When Mitsu said this, my first thought was, isn’t Russ a bit aggressive? Then, I asked again if Erina was the one that Russ liked and Mitsu elaborated more on that and how Russ liked her since he studied abroad and so on. But she has explicitly talked to the participants about this and that he has made her feel uncomfortable and all. So...yeah. This isn’t a worry or concern or something to take into account anymore.
I’m definitely very much still in the camp of wanting to wait until Kyoto to say or do anything. It’s a matter of getting myself to wait. Which at this point isn’t that hard anymore. It’s just I’ve noticed something since last night at least if not earlier. A regression of sorts. Back to that easily becoming attached-ness that has plagued me in the past. Despite the buckets of confidence and goodness that have defined me and my feelings regarding SJEC so far, due to what’s going on in terms of her, I’ve been falling back into old habits.
Which I have been an effort to nullify the past few days which has been working. But it has required a more laid back approach regarding Erina. Which is also okay because I want to wait until Kyoto to do anything if I do anything anyway. Also, I think the mountains of work and stress and worry that that brings has been contributing to the regression. So with that back under control soon, I’ll definitely be fine.
After last night’s conversations with Mitsu (note, I am now writing the morning next), I have good perspective on both Erina AND Seina. In other words, I talked Mitsu about Seina last night. And again, I am glad that I told him, as he had a lot of good things to know to tell me. One thing that stood out is that “courting” Seina would require more caution that Erina in the sense that, apparently in the past, there have been guys that she was interested that confessed to her, but at that moment of confessing, something changed in her in hearing him confess that made her afterwards reject him. Which is interesting.
It’s not a surefire sort of thing as she hasn’t done that every time, having not done that once, but in that one case, she ended up getting hurt, as also apparently, she tends to attract a lot of “not-so-good” guys, something that troubles her as she feels like she she’ll never meet a good guy or something along those lines (ha, I’ve heard that before). 
My sense of chivalry shouts at me after hearing such a thing to be that “good guy” for her. But it’s not that simple. I don’t want to pursue her for that alone. It’s not right to me to do something like that. If I’m going to “pick” her then it’s need to be done because that’s what I want to do, not because I think there’s some chivalrous justification for it.
Furthermore though, this “chivalrous” cause for wanting to pick Seina is unfair to Erina. Outside of this bad guy thing with Seina, my other reasons for wanting to pick Seina over Erina are due almost exclusively to assumptions that my mind wants to make about the type of girl Erina seems to be based on the little that I know. But it’s just that, assumptions. And they are quite, quite unfair assumptions. Assumptions that she must be a certain way based on the initial data based on her appearance and behavior. But there’s really no reason to believe these assumptions the mind wants to make. It’d be unfair.
So I want to give her a chance. But that requires data collection of data that I don’t have just yet. Which is understandable. But the point that I’m trying to get to is that I am pretty convinced that there is no “rightful” way to go about choosing one of them. I just don’t know either of them well enough to have a good enough of a reason to go about choosing them in such a way.
Which brings me to the further point that, in order to avoid the deadlock which is otherwise inevitable, I should rely on something else in order to choose. My, at least, initial thought is the whole timing and spontaneity thing in terms of just taking advantage of opportunities when they present themselves and doing your best to move within the spaces from which you can move without moving (confusing, but I think you know what I mean. And if you don’t, then go search through your journals for an entry about this back during freshman year).
I suppose probability-wise, relying on spontaneity gives a bit of an advantage towards Erina based on the fact that I’ll be in Kyoto first for an extended time. Also, I feel from her side, she might be trying to make things happen as well, though I don’t know that for sure per se. But probability-wise, you see my point. But then I’ll be in Tokyo for a while after that, so we’ll see what happens, I suppose?
Thanks, Marcus Circus Francium Jackson
