Saturday 10 January 2015
Dear Good Sir,
I had a quite unfortunate realization this evening while going through the Kyoto checklist items, different online things that I have to do before I can go. I was looking at the program calendar again for some reason, and then started thinking about the arrival date that they have there: Sunday, March 29. Worry started to slowly creep upon me as I went to my Google calendar to check the cruise end date again. Saturday, March 28. Crap. More worry started to fall on me as the closeness in these two days began to settle on me.
I think my understanding a few months ago was that I didn’t have to be in Kyoto until the Monday after the cruise. Which, with the cruise ending on the Saturday, gave me a good day window to get back to the Bay Area then catch my flight over to Japan and get to Kyoto. But if they are requiring that I am there on the Sunday, then we have an issue. I did some searching of flight times earlier and even with the best case scenarios it just isn’t possible.
After talking on the phone with Dad about it, I see there is slight hope in either hoping that they’ll allow me to arrive on the Monday or getting off the cruise early to fly back to San Francisco on Thursday or so. I don’t know if the former would be allowed, but I’ll at least try asking. The latter, I don’t know if I’m even comfortable with. He said that we’d be at a city in Mexico on the Thursday. Getting off the cruise in a random city in Mexico to somehow go to the airport and fly to San Fran? Umm...not sure about that one.
As you can see, I’m still not too optimistic about the situation, but we’ll see what happens. I was initially very upset when first learning of the initial problem, and still am in the sense of feeling bad about having to mess up Dad and Mercedes trying to treat me, but I’m sort of okay with the idea of not going in that I wouldn’t have to feel so rushy-rushy as I could take my time during spring break and even have that break to go do something, though what I don’t know. A part of me wants to say spending that time with Chelsea, but then I yell back at that self to stop assuming so much. 
Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson
