Friday 23 January 2015
Dear Good Sir,
Man, I feel so mood swing-y. It’s kind of scary actually. I have been on a roller coaster of ups and downs the past week. Mostly down at first. Not really until Wednesday night of any sort of up. Points of saying I’m feeling a bit better yesterday and today. But then I keep hitting these downs again. Often at night, I see. It makes me want to be reminded me of back during fall sophomore year after the break up and having months of ups and downs that slowly oscillated away. 
Am I experiencing these ups and downs right now due to the traumatic experience that I had on Monday? If so, is it slowly oscillating away right now? Or was I experiencing these ups and downs before Monday? Is this cycle somehow unrelated to Monday? Part of me wants to say yes there due to the idea that I feel like the downs that I have been experiencing, at least the past few nights since having the ups, all seemingly have been due to things unrelated to Monday. They’ve more so been things regarding not being happy with the kind of life I’m leaving or just parts of my life that aren’t going so well, or being unhappy with a part of myself.
I suppose you could possibly tie some of this to the perspective shift that occurred from Monday. But I don’t know. It’s hard to say exactly. However, you put it though, these ups and downs are occurring and I don’t know how I feel about it. It kind of scares me. I almost just scared for the future in general due to the seemingly lack of academic prowess that I’ve been showing so far junior year. Sophomore year had its negative moments, but overall, I’d say I was still doing pretty well. But just can’t seem to find my rhythm this school year. I don’t know what it is.
I guess part of it, at least maybe not regarding the cause but as a warning that wasn’t heeded, is that I was saying during the summer or going into the next school year or so that I kind of feel like I need a gap year. Which I still have been saying last quarter and this quarter. Nothing has changed. I haven’t had that time for recovery that I say I need. I’m still doing bad off. Perhaps, it makes sense. Perhaps, I shouldn’t be surprised or confused right now. Maybe, I had this coming when I never did anything about it. 
I think this quarter I’ve finally taken a step to try to move sort of in the direction of helping myself get close to that “gap” feel with this 10 unit quarter I have now. But at the same time, I feel like I’m just going about wasting “quarter time” or time spent at school. I know part of the rationale is that you’d rather graduate with your friends on time and such, and that you’d not want to miss this time on campus that you could have with friends. Which is reasonable I guess. Though I’d partial counter that a lot of your friends are going to be around for at least another year for co-terming/grad school/etc.
Another thing is that I’ve been saying that I am going to use spring quarter in Kyoto as a gap quarter. Which is reasonable in that I totally could see you doing that. Except, it’s just been so far since the start of autumn quarter. Which is back when I was asking for that gap. And I still need that gap. But I’m still not going to be really getting that until another quarter from now. Which sort of makes last quarter and this quarter unfortunately become somewhat moot. This is what I mean by wasting of “quarter time.” I probably shouldn’t have been here these 2 quarters. I just not in the state to be at school right now. I know you want to be around your friends and all, but I should be on a leave of absence right now to be honest. Not struggling to get through 2 quarters when I’m just not in a good state for such a thing. Causing those 2 quarters to be somewhat wasted.
But I don’t know. Maybe last quarter and this quarter aren’t so bad. Maybe I am getting something from them. We’ll see. All I can say right now though is take care of yourself, bro. That’s the most important thing. You’ve only got one of you. You can take extra quarters if you need them. You can take classes over. Most things can be done over again if need be. You can’t get another life (ha, at least in this body, let’s be real). SELF-CARE IS REAL!
Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson
