Sunday 4 January 2015
Dear Good Sir,
Tomorrow my classes begin. But the quarter has already begun. I kicked off last night and today with efforts towards goals, old and new alike. Effort especially came in the form of the nightly and morning routines, two things that I hope will help lots with bringing in habits I want to start now and continue forever.
However, before I really get into any of that, I think I should be very clear about what my goals are, for the month, for the quarter, for the year. Though when it comes down to it, the goals for each time frame are essentially the same. These goals fall into several different areas: knowledge, physical, social, mental, dreams, productivity, life.
For knowledge, there’s a few different things that I can think of right now. For one, I want to really improve and even master my Japanese this year. For this quarter, this means creating some habits for practicing really well and very often, daily. Anki will be essential for this. On top of really reviewing and solidifying all the material that I have learned in the past, I really want to build the habit of taking the material that I am learning at the moment and review it at the time to the extent of not really needing to review much later because I got it down at the time so well. But on top of that moving it from short term to long term memory. That’s probably the biggest goal in terms of tango, kanji, bunpou: moving it all to long term. Over the course of a quarter, I honestly think that is totally feasible.
On top of getting the material down, I also really want to work on my listening and speaking skills as well, especially listening. For listening, I will search this week for a game show or something which involves normal people talking normal speech and listen to that without subtitles putting in a lot of effort in listening. And I’ll do that everyday. Surely, that will improve my listening even if just a little bit by the end of the quarter. For speaking, I will probably find a way of incorporating that into the Anki practice times in addition to meeting with the tutor perhaps weekly.
This goal of making a habit of moving things to long term memory is not exclusive to Japanese though and another goal for the quarter is doing this for the rest of my classes. Again, Anki will probably be the ideal medium for making that happen. I want to make bringing things to long term or taking the steps to do so something that is second nature. Perhaps, I can find a way of doing this too with my intellectual conclusions and realizations and such, to help really learn the realizations that I make.
For physical, I want to make exercising a regular thing and something that I do consistently throughout the quarter and throughout the year. But not just exercising, I want to run regularly even more than in my XC days, with dedication. That doesn’t necessarily mean at the same intensity as back then per se, but I want it to be something I do all the time, even in crunch times. Honestly, I think exercising may be more important than getting an extra hour or two of sleep, so worth the sacrifice of some sleep for it.
As a result and since I believe the morning may be the ideal time for running for me, I will focus on making a habit out of running every morning this quarter even on the weekend though perhaps a break once a week. To do this, I have created a morning routine which will make this possible. More on the details of the actual morning routine later. On top of running regularly, I also want to workout somewhat frequently even if I don’t go to the gym, so that is something else that I will incorporate time into my regular week to do so.
For social, I want to continue with the effort that I started putting last quarter or whenever into making an effort to see friends each week. I do not have any formal things that I expect myself to follow each day, but in general, I will make an effort to see some friends each week. One thing that will help is making an effort to be more open to invitations from others as well as extending invitations to others more frequently. Something else that might help would be creating a list of my friends here at Stanford and outside of Stanford and just keep tracking of the last time you’ve seen them or talked or hung out and using that as a way of visibly being able to see who you may want to hang out with since you haven’t seen them in a while. In other words though, I’d like you to make a better effort also with people outside Stanford.
Romantic goals are also included in social. However, this is a subarea that is difficult to make real solid goals outside of things that I’d like to make effort to. The biggest thing I suppose would be making an effort to being open to romantic things entering your life and making an effort to try to bring in these things. On top of that, being resilience and keeping a good attitude to the whole process. Dropping generality for a moment though, right now, as you know, I am interested in Chelsea, so I will continue making an effort in the courting process of her, for lack of a better way to put it. As Gina said yesterday, don’t give up so easily!
For mental, I want to make meditating a regular daily habit. Along the same vein as exercise, I will be using the morning routine to do this, expecting at least 10 minutes of meditation everyday. In order to keep up with still having 45 minute meditations frequently, I am proposing taking a day off from running every week and instead of running doing a 45 minute meditation.
Outside of making meditation a habit, I also just want to work on good mental skills and practices and habits. This is a less tangible of a goal, but this will come in the form of making an effort to be more aware of my mental state throughout the day and being more aware of how my thoughts and thought processes affect me. As I’ll mention in more detail in a later paragraph, I will be using calendar reminders through my phone to help remind me to be more aware during the day, and I will incorporate mental check-ins into this as well. Also just journaling and checking in on myself every night will also help.
For dreams, I want to make this the year that I make lucid dreaming practice a habit and a thing that works and helps me realize my long held goals of lucid dreaming regularly. The nightly routine that I am putting into place will largely be responsible for making this happen as well as the awareness reminders mentioned in the previous paragraph. The morning routine will also help in that I will be making recording my dreams and typing them out a habit in the morning (as well as focusing on making it a faster process). Something else that may help, which just occurred to me so I’ll have to do more brainstorming/thinking about this in the future first, is doing regular analysis of my dreams and perhaps even breaking down statistics on them. I’ll make a note to think about this this week so I can get this going soon if I so choose.
For productivity, I want to better my productivity through finding ways and skills that help me get things done in a timely reasonable manner. A big part of this I think is being clearer to myself about what needs to be done and establishing habits of getting things done, specifically important things, as soon as possible, prioritizing these things over everything else, especially over personal, fun, non-essential things. In order to help decrease my procrastination and splurging into these non-essential things too often, something that I am going to toy with this week and perhaps even more later on, is something that seems counter-intuitive. Essentially, I am going to do these non-essential things more often, just for short amounts of time. So I might schedule myself an hour of working then taking a 10 minute break for a game or something along those lines. The idea is to split up the work and getting important things done with frequent but short breaks. Hopefully, this will help me feel that I am getting to do these non-essential things that I enjoy while also getting my work done. More on how this is working out later this week.
In addition to these efforts, I also want to learn and make a habit of the art of small things. More specifically, I refer to the idea of being able to accomplish many large things over a long time by breaking down the large things into a small, short things which I do on a regular basis. While I won’t necessarily make a lot of progress daily, it will slowly add up and over a long period of time, I’ll be able to accomplish the overarching goal. When it comes down to it, a lot of things are best done or really only feasible over a long period of time anyway, so the art of small things, really is ideal. A few things that I’ll use to help learn this art right now will be with reading, writing my memoir, and a lot of the other things that I have mentioned in previous paragraphs, since as you’ll notice, a lot of the previous things I want to do in an art of small things sort of way.
On top of the previous things, I also want to do better with being productive over breaks since I am sick of the absolute lack of productivity that I have over breaks. Taking a break is really important and I honestly acknowledge that, but that doesn’t mean I can’t do anything productive during a break. I think the art of small things will really come in useful here and in general just outlining goals on a daily basis, something that I will try to make a habit of doing throughout the year.
Finally, for life, as I just mentioned, I want to write a memoir this year. This is an idea that came up last year some time after reading David’s senior memoir and being inspired to do something similar. I was planning on working on this during the break, but lack of productivity coupled with a realization that writing a memoir of my life from day 1 to now (or up to 2015 at least) is not a quick or easy feat. Instead of trying to do it quickly, I will tackle it from an art of small things perspective and break it down over a long period of time. More on this in the week to come.
Another goal in the life category which sort of builds on the idea of a memoir is doing monthly analyses in addition to an end of the year analysis which will be a yearly addition to the memoir. A monthly analysis will break down the month and use my daily journals, the charts spreadsheets, on top of other data to see where I am and how I’m doing in addition to being sure to keep up with random values that it would just be interesting to keep track of. By the charts spreadsheets, I refer to what previously was the Goal Tracker spreadsheet, but has been renamed and standardized. I did a lot of work on the Template Charts today which I hope is something that I can fill out without changing the rest of the year. It would be immensely to collect a year of this data (and years and years afterwards).
A final goal (for now) in the life category is to really challenge myself intellectually and learn more about the world and develop and work on my views of life. One specific area along these lines are my religious/spiritual views. Initially inspired from my conversation with Chelsea last month, this is something that I have already started moving forward on during the break and the past few days. The main thing in this process has just been starting to reread the book that my spiritual views of the past several years are built upon: What Dreams May Come. 
On top of rereading this book and reflecting on it along the way, I also would like to expose myself to religious things this quarter. What exactly this will consist of I am not sure yet, but one thing that I know I’d like to do is talk to a pastor, likely one at MemChu. I am not entirely sure of what exactly I want to ask a pastor or what I’d like to get out of such a conversation, but I think that doing this would provide a way for me to dive right into my views and help figure out what I am right now. Also, perhaps, I’d be interested in getting involved with religious group or something religious something. I have absolutely no idea right now. More on that soon. Do look for a journal about my reading of What Dreams May Come so far tomorrow.
Now that I’ve gone over all of my goals for the year (which may change and such with time, which is okay), I’ll mention a few things that I have already formalized that will help me achieve them, which can be found in more detail in the 2015 planning document. One is the morning routine which consists of waking up at the same time every morning throughout the week (outside of one day a week for sleeping in) which is set this quarter between 7:30-8:00 AM, then immediately getting up and typing up my dreams, then meditating. Finally, I’ll change and go for a run. 
Another is the nightly routine which consists of shutting down all technology then reading for a bit before spending a few minutes to pray then think about dreams and dream goals and such. Then, after getting into bed, I will spend 10 minutes doing a dream priming process. This process is saying a mantra, solidifying resolve, and dream visualizing. After the 10 minutes, I actually lay down to sleep while continuing this dream priming as I fall asleep.
A final thing that I’ll mention here in this journal is awareness reminders that I have set for every two hours throughout the day. When the reminder goes off, I will stop and take a moment or two to become aware and question my state of reality and whether I am currently in a dream. Then I’ll check in on myself and see how I am doing mentally, physically, etc, noting down anything that I which to remember for later or need for the charts spreadsheet.
This has been a long journal, but a very VERY important for the year and something that I’ll likely refer to often. Expect more important journals over the next few days as I journal more specifically over different things that I didn’t have time to go into super detail over tonight. And thank you for reading and being me.
Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson
May all beings know peace and be free from suffering.
