Sunday 11 January 2015
Dear Good Sir,
There is something from the other day when I talked to Gina at length at the Bridge about things regarding Chelsea and more generally about relationships and the asking out part that is still on my mind. It was more so yesterday that it occurred to me, but since it wasn’t immediately relevant, especially not until tomorrow really at this point, I decided to table it. But I want to come back to it now, especially in light to tomorrow’s dinner with Chelsea.
What we had been talking about that I was thinking about yesterday was about the timing of someone expressing how they feel and the validity of this expression in the eyes of the person who the feelings are about. While the gender part of this certainly can be generalized out, I am going to use the stereotypical scenario in terms of genders for ease of understanding as genderless pronouns can get confusing. Gina was saying that sometimes when a guy is expressing his feelings early on in knowing the girl, it can come off as suspicious to the girl in the sense of questioning whether the guy really has enough justifiable reasons to feel the way that he does.
This came up when I was talking about the troubling time situation that I feel could come up in that, say that it does work out and we start dating in the next few weeks, even if it was this week, at best, we’d have like 10 weeks, then bam, we’ll both be abroad, me for potentially 5-6 months. More specifically, it came up when I was saying that I almost feel like I should express how I feel sooner due to the time situation.
She brought up this potential questioning that could happen with also saying that this often happens when a girl wonders if this is the type of guy to like girls very quickly and ask out girls often as a result also of being turned down a lot. Basically, it sounded like she was trying to describe what people often call a “player” or something along those lines.
I can attest that I do often likes girls pretty quickly though on the contrary, I don’t very often actually express how I feel, generally letting things pass. Sometimes I toy around with the idea or whatever, but again, it is infrequent that I actually do anything. Often, I think it’s that I don’t want to risk acting on it without feeling very confident that it will work out. Which is often the case since, as I’ve pointed out and thought about last year especially, a lot of the girls that I end up liking are ones that I am very close with already and don’t want to risk the friendship that we have.
The situation that I am in currently with Chelsea is very unique in terms of the usual situations that I find myself in. As I think I’ve pointed out in the past, this situation seems more similar to ones with Maya or even Maddi to some extent, in that the initial seed of me liking Chelsea came from me and me alone, and not from anything regarding her or how I thought she might feel about me.
In fact, while I’m not sure if I do this regularly or if this is unique to this situation, but going back to what Gina was saying, I almost feel like from the start I was trying to wait to find real reasons to like Chelsea before I even allowed myself to really consider the idea. I think that was a part of what I was praying for back in that curious moment towards the end of winter quarter that night that I randomly prayed before having dinner with Chelsea the next day and learning of her strong religious identity. Yes, the biggest thing that I prayed for was that dinner would occur at all, as obviously that was my biggest concern at the time. But I think I also was praying for that she would turn out to be, one, a good match for me, and two, someone that I would actually really like. Which is completely what I think has happened.
And now looking back at the journal from that time, I see I was taking HUGE precautions to not allow myself to like her too early. First of all, that was the journal that I wrote about what type of woman that I am looking for, but also after that, I just read line after line that suggested that I did not want to allow myself to even try to like her without knowing more about her. To such an extent that I kind of forgot that I was making such an effort to change my old habits. Even after the dinner, I still was trying so hard to pause the momentum that was building in terms of me wanting to like her, mostly because I didn’t want to make myself suffer over the break in waiting, but also, to let things settle a bit and make sure that I really did see good enough of reason to like her and that I wasn’t tricking myself.
Re-reading over those “constraints” as I put it at the time regarding what type of women that I am seeking, I thought it would be curious to try to see how many I can say fit right now. In all honesty, I’m not sure I can say any of them for sure, but they’re all more so intimate details of a woman’s personality and being that I wouldn’t really be able to figure out without knowing her really well as in over a long period of time. In other words, I don’t think these “constraints” are the types of things that I was ever intending to try to apply (all of them at least) before deciding to like someone or express how I feel.
I can make some guesses based off of what I know about her and the type of person that she seems to be. She seems like the type to really appreciate another human being for who they are regardless of any faults or anything that the person or other people at least think and claim are faults. The previous is suggested to me partly based off of the regular visits to the Tenderloin for ministry that she takes. Also, since she seems like an extremely nice person, she seems like she would be willingly to do the things that I enjoy even if that is not what she normally does. And, based off her offhand random mentioning of the idea of walking from one side of NYC to the other, maybe she’s an explorer at heart? More data gathering and analysis will be required.
So, going back to the original source of all that I started discussing in the past few paragraphs, I had sort of been thinking about whether I fit the description of the type of guy that Gina was talking about. Well, honestly, I think yesterday I sort of came to the conclusion that I don’t fit that description for various reasons, and I even more so see that now at this point after some analyzing and looking back.
No, what more so was and is on my mind was whether I have reason enough to like Chelsea to the extent that I do. Unfortunately, that’s not a simple question, especially for me. The reason I say specifically for me is that I really don’t know what constitutes enough. There’s no golden rule for something like this. No handbook or guidelines to look up and follow. This is something that I have to decide myself based on what I think is reasonable.
And honestly, from my perspective, I feel justified, completely. Something that stands at the forefront of this whole situation and something that I’ve been saying since back in December is that this all feels divine, or “cosmic” as Gina described it. The way that I feel about Chelsea is unique, not like anything I’ve felt about anyone else. I guess it’s hard to confirm that I didn’t say or feel that way about Maya, but one, that was a long time ago, and two, I can certainly say that the caution that I am taking in this case is significant especially since I wasn’t probably even aware of my tendencies back in that day. This divine or “cosmic”ness is one of the things that really makes me feel justified in how I feel at this point though.
Having just gone back scouring for any info on the first few weeks or whatever on the subject of Maya, while I couldn’t uncover anything useful, and even though I didn’t even look at the journals from April or around then, it did occur to me to perhaps caution myself in timing, based on what happened Maya. As you remember, there reached the point that she was using the “L” word against me and such. But now that I think about it more, I think she particularly was sensitive to that word more than others are. Which in turn has made me more sensitive, at least, in terms of my use of it as you know very well. So I guess, sure, I’ll keep that in mind, but I don’t want to scare myself with things that I don’t think generalize well to this situation.
I think I’ve walked off from the topic that I was trying to return to again, but I think that’s partly because I don’t know what more else to say other than that the amount of caution that I had been taking, on top of this unique divine-ness, if you will, make me feel justified in the way that I feel about Chelsea at this point. Now, does that translate to meaning that I think that I am ready to tell her how I feel? Or a better question, do I think that SHE would think that I have enough of a reason to like her, which in turn, would give a yes to the previous question? These are the real questions that I’m concerned with, the things that aren’t determined by me.
My answer? I have no idea, yo. How could I? When it comes down to it, this is a question of how she would look at it, and that would be hard for me to answer even about people that I know well. So...what is it I’m saying? That maybe, it’s not worth concerning over this. The ideal situation would be that regardless of how long I wait (assuming reasonable lengths of time of waiting), the answer that she would give me in terms of asking out would be the same no matter how long. In other words, waiting or not waiting doesn’t affect my chances. That’s what would be nice to assume, since that would mean I could just go about telling her once I felt ready to tell her.
Normally, I feel like it would be unreasonable to assume that this is the case. But, I would somewhat like to argue that because I have no way of knowing whether she would think that I have reason enough to feel the way that I do at this point or later on, that I should assume that the equal chance regardless of the wait is the case. Because if it’s not the case, then I have no way of knowing that, so I’m saying that I should just operate assuming that it is the case. Because if I operate assuming the other way, then I could easily get stuck telling myself week after week that maybe I need to wait longer. And then, bam, the time situation i.e. separation by going abroad strikes.
I do suppose that assuming that this unfortunate time situation was not the case, that I would not necessarily operate under the assumption described in the previous paragraphs as it would be more reasonable there to take my time because I wouldn’t have this huge time constraint hanging over me. But that time constraint is there unfortunately. So I feel compelled to speed things along a little faster than I’d normally be comfortable with. Because in all honesty, while I am not particularly fond of the “courting” stage or process, after that portion is done with, I feel like I am more inclined to slow things down and not rush (probably having something to do with reflecting back on how things were with Amanda). 
When it comes down to it, I think I just REALLY want to let Chelsea know that I do have feelings for her and that I am interested in her, even if at this point, I don’t adequately show to what extent I feel this way, and more so, take my time with that. I think it’s a worry that if I wait too long then due to the time situation, things won’t be able to work out. I think I feel that for things to work out past the time constraint, we would need more time beforehand, or in other words, I need to express how I feel sooner than later this quarter.
Obviously, I am writing about all of this because I am trying to decide if I want to express how I feel tomorrow. Or at least, give myself the okay right now for that regardless if I feel the timing, in terms of the mood and the way things are going that particular day, is right and end up doing it or not. In fact, I’m quite torn on this. Part of me wants to say, wait another week. But then, I feel that I could get lost in a recursive function of doing this week after week until suddenly the quarter is nearly disappeared.
But at the same time, maybe I wouldn’t do that next week if I said wait a week? I don’t know. Honestly, perhaps, I was right the other day in saying that no matter how much I plan and think about it right now, probably the best thing for me to do is just be there in the moment and see if I feel that the moment is right. And if I do feel that’s the case then I tell her. But if I don’t then I wait. It’s simple as that. In other words, let’s not plan to go into tomorrow or any other day of a scheduled seeing her, thinking that I’ll tell her that day. In other words, let’s play a game of spontaneity and inspiration to action.
Yeah, it’s rather scary and daunting, but at the same time, exciting and interesting. I have no clue what’s going to happen. That’s SUPER exciting. This whole ordeal turns into more of a something that exists for the sake of existing for itself more so than existing as a means to some end. In other words, it’s more of focusing and enjoying the journey than depending so much on the destination. Sure, the destination is nice and important too, but it’s the journey that matters more. The adventure. The destination is never really experienced. Only the journey is. So let’s enjoy the journey where it is right now. And if the journey ends up continuing into a relationship, then let’s enjoy that too. Let’s take it step, by step.
I guess to be fully clear though, you do have the okay from me. I’m not telling you to tell her tomorrow, but I’m just saying that, if you feel so inspired to do so, in the moment, then tell her. Obviously, probably not in the moment in the sense of just spitting out suddenly because I feel inspired, but more so, from that moment of spontaneity and inspiration, starting the steps that lead to telling her. In the context of tomorrow, I mean that don’t just say it suddenly during dinner obviously, but you could at the moment of inspiration start taking steps to take us outside to tell her or something along those lines.
I look forward to experiencing more of this particular journey. Good luck. Ask God for assistance and good fortune too. I have the slight feeling that He’s in support of all of this and is there rooting for you too.
Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson
