Wednesday 7 January 2015
Dear Good Sir,
Today brought more mental turmoil and deliberation. I feel in a better place regarding it now though. But to start from the beginning. At work today, I listened to a TAL podcast titled “Pray” which had stories about religious and secular people trying to understand each other. I came out of it, for various reasons, feeling even more driven to talk to a pastor, and coupled with seeing all of those Chi Alpha advertisements everywhere in the dorm, was considering going to the Chi Alpha meeting tonight.
Here lies where the problem appeared though. A big part of me wanted to go to the Chi Alpha meeting. But there was another part of me that didn’t, and for one main reason. Fear and anxiety over seeing Chelsea and everything associated with what might come from that. However, I was not happy about this being what was causing me to hesitate about going which began a mental battle about it.
At this point, I think I had forgotten yesterday’s decisions to some extent. But I began reasoning down those lines again, especially after thinking about a number of things. One being thinking about the number of potential awkward situations that have appeared over time now from the numerous times of me liking someone. Basically at this time, I was thinking about trying to ask a friend to let me come with them to a religious group event. But someone that came to mind was Crystal, but then I started wondering if I or she’d feel comfortable with that and blah blah blah. I just started getting really frustrated with myself for the potential for uncomfortableness with people that I care so dearly for and want to see and hang out with but now have this bubble of awkwardness, at least from my perspective that unfortunately contributes to me feeling uncomfortable with trying to hang out with them which in turn can decrease the amount of time that I see them.
On top of this, I was thinking about all of the mental strain that pursuing someone in general brings on me. You’ve seen it time and again, and it’s never pretty on my end. I’m sick of that. I’m sick of going through that. I refer more so to pursuing someone I don’t really know more so, but even when it comes to expressing how I feel to someone that I do know well. That still generally causes me a lot of mental strain. I don’t wanna deal with that anymore. So while yesterday sort of seemed to be going in this direction, it didn’t quite get there, but I’m there now. I think (ha, notice the lack of certainty on that) I’m done with pursuing and done confessing how I feel. Yeah, I know how unfortunate that sounds. Believe me. But I just don’t see any reason to go on with this. 
Also, to add something else to all of this, something that I want to start pushing myself away from and to usher in a new era for myself is letting go of allowing women to influence me the way they have so easily my whole life. I mean how easily swayed and wooed I feel like I can be. How easily influenced into doing things or hanging out with certain people or going certain places, just because a girl asked me to or because a girl that was giving me a lot of attention was going there, etc, etc, etc. I could give you endless examples of this (Mariko, just to name one).
While none of the times in the past have ever proved all that bad or anything, I feel like it’s foreseeable for this to lead to something quite a bit more bad. I don’t know what, but I don’t want to see something like this happen. In addition, I just don’t like feeling so easily influenced. I feel like it’s a lack of self of control on my part or something. I just don’t feel like it reflects well on me. To add to the previous things, something probably much bigger, I feel like this easily influenced-ness that I was describing has MAJORLY influenced who my close friends throughout my life have been. By that, I mean, a lot of my close friends during my life have been female, a lot more often than male. And I think that is largely because of this influence.
In other words, I think this influence has prevented me from having more close male friendships in my life. And I don’t think that’s okay. Especially with how close female friendships can just change suddenly or there can be the issue of when that friend gets a boyfriend (or already has one) which make seeing them less frequent and possible and cause awkwardtism, etc. All of this can be avoided from having close male friends, yay!
If anything, I think this last reason is more than enough of a reason to end my dealings with pursuing and confessing how I feel. I guess these two things aren’t necessarily all that related, but this last reason certainly gives me cause to put in a lot of focus on stopping that influence that has been causing trouble for me all of these years. I really just want to change how I think about these things in my mind and how I see females in general. I don’t want to cause myself mental turmoil or be influenced (in the ways I was describing before) over females.
And please, understand that I am in NO WAY saying that friendships with females are a bad thing or to be avoided. Many of my close friendships are with females and they are great and these are some of the people that I really care about. And that’s great, and I should continue with that. I’m just saying that moving forward, I want to focus on cultivating close friendships with males more so, and just in general try to make becoming friends with males more the priority, and even perhaps, put priority towards my male friends (in a general way).
So I suppose I don’t have to completely stop myself from pursuing and confessing how I feel. But at the same time, I kinda have to do. Because that’s the only way to really stop that influence and to stop that unfortunate way of thinking that leads me down the path of liking basically every girl I meet. It’s more so that I am stopping myself from liking anyone or thinking about such things. Basically, I want to focus on cultivating platonic relationships, from the beginning and forever onwards. Basically, I want it to be that, if I ever think of trying to take things in a non-platonic way, then it has to be coming from the female herself or I have to know that’s the direction they want to go in. And even when this is the case, I still may not change so easily. I can’t flip at every potential instance.
I apologize. I initially started on a narrative of what was happening earlier, but then started developing what I was thinking about earlier to the point that I have gone in a different direction from the start. But to go back, basically after dinner, I was going in the direction that I just continued with in the past few paragraphs. But unfortunately, that didn’t solve my dilemma. I still felt anxious and fearful of the idea of going to the Chi Alpha meeting and seeing Chelsea. I still felt that it could cause awkward things that I want to avoid. But then I was feeling annoyed by this and so on. I kept trying to convince myself that it would be fine in some way or another.
I also started thinking about how I could go there with someone else I know and tried to figure out who I know that might be going to the meeting. I ended up texting Brian, just asking if he’s still doing bible study, instead of asking about Chi Alpha, but hoping he might mention it, but he didn’t. Though this did open up the avenue of him connecting me with a bible study group soon which is good.
I did reach a point of feeling okay regarding the seeing Chelsea part. But I still felt anxious about going. Which I realized was for different reasons. It wasn’t about her anymore. I was more scared about the idea of going to this potentially big meeting with a ton of people that I don’t know. In other words, it was social anxiety that was making me feel uncomfortable about going. I ended up trying to use a coin flip to help myself out, but I said that I’d do two flips and if both heads, I’d go, both tails, I wouldn’t, but 1 of each was ambiguous. I wanted to rely on my spontaneous response to seeing it flip one way or another. But doing two flips was just dumb, as I found out when I got a heads then a tails, then found myself right back where I started.
Eventually I walked outside and saw Mina’s door open and went in there. I eventually went into mentioning my deliberation after asking first about her religious views then answering why I asked and such, but once I brought it up, it wasn’t in that I was still deliberating anymore, but that I had been considering going. She supported my view that going alone probably wouldn’t make things easier for me from a social interaction point of view, also suggesting a buddy sort of thing, bringing up Brian and April. Between them and Crystal, I’m sure I can find someone. And apparently Russell maybe even.
I’ve already texted Brian at this point, and may even contact Russell before next week’s meeting. We’ll see. But I hope it’s clear where I am right now. I’m ready to throw myself into an experience. I told Brian I was interested in a bible study, so that’s bam right in the picture. I also even brought my consideration of visiting the religious group to David, at first in asking about Russell, but then I went more into it. And it was fine. One big worry I think I was having previously was that all my non-religious friends would judge me, but seeing Russell in that picture for Chi Alpha made me reconsider, something I am glad I did, now having talked to David.
And I’d really like to talk to a pastor. I’m still trying to figure out how to go about making that happen, but I really look forward to that. I was thinking a bit earlier about what I’d say or ask, but I can discuss that at more detail with you tomorrow as it’s already late.
I think one of the biggest things that has me so ready to try to jump into a religious group or a bible study or talk to a pastor, is that I really miss the community feel. And the regular, familiarness of it too. I don’t know where I am belief-wise AT ALL, but it’s the people that I really am interested in. Something else that gives me hope and encourages me forward in taking steps is also thinking back to where I was at the end of high school. My visit to Harvard was revealing that if I went there, things would probably be very different than they are here at Stanford for me right now. If you recall, I think through Scott, I visited that Christian group and met some of the people through that and I really liked them and was actually halfway looking forward to going there for that alone. I think I was hesitant belief-wise which makes sense, but it was the welcoming community and people that really was pulling me in.
What is it about the people? I’ll tell you that once I put my foot on what it is.
Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson
