Friday 9 January 2015
Dear Good Sir,
I am or was quite annoyed with myself for something that happened this afternoon. Or better yet, what didn’t happen. I have an annoying habit of not acting on random opportunities to do something if whatever it is making me anxious. I am referring to the frequent times when I see someone that I didn’t quite run into just barely or something as I’ve seen them, but they haven’t seen me. 
This happened AGAIN (I’m sorry, I feel like this has been happening a lot recently or I just have a lot of pent up frustration regarding this) this afternoon when I was going to the ATM before going take passport photos at the Bechtel Center. I saw Chelsea biking by as I was going up the stairs, and I could have said something then, but didn’t. Then, I ended up going to the post office, since I reasoned that’s where she was headed by the envelope in her hands, with the sole purpose of running into her. But the same thing happens a bit later with me seeing her at a distance, but then I didn’t do anything again.
What I did do is start getting very frustrated with myself for not taking action twice when it was so simple. Or it seems so simple in thought. I don’t understand what I find so hard about calling out someone’s name or something as they are passing. All you do is just say the person’s name loud enough for them to hear it.
I guess the issue with me lies within the fear/anxiety that I get with such things especially when I am thinking about taking the action to go do those things versus already being in the situation and just having to continue the current path that I am on. I don’t like to put myself out there or to bring attention to myself. But sometimes I feel like I do. It’s an odd duality. I guess it has to do with where I am and who’s around and who’s involved and the situation is.
Whatever it is, I am SO frustrated with it. Sometimes, I just wish I could go into a figurative Avatar state and just execute things well just like anyone else. Though I guess going into Avatar state generally involves doing things that normal people can’t do, but you get what I mean. I just wish I could hit my social anxiety on the head sometimes and put it to rest long enough to be able to do something that should be so simple. But I guess life doesn’t work like that.
Since I generally do better with these sorts of things when I do some pre-processing before a trouble situation comes up, I propose a new general focus. Whenever you have identified formally or informally in your mind some objective that you are trying to accomplish, and while you are going about other things, but suddenly are exposed to a possible path that could lead you to accomplishing that earlier objective faster or better or in general a path with a higher utility, I say that you instantly do whatever is necessary but not unreasonable to get yourself on that new path. I understand that taking that potentially better path may not turn out to be better than the path that you were on previously, but my reasoning is that the expected value of taking this path after putting this new focus into effect will be higher than the expected value of staying on the other path.
So in terms of the earlier situation, the objective is arranging a meal time with Chelsea, and I was out doing something unrelated to that but suddenly found another potential path before me that looked to have a faster route to the objective but with no unreasonable costs (going out of your comfort zone is NOT unreasonable; deal with it) i.e. calling out her name and talking with her briefly and asking her in person when is a good time. I want you to go down this path in the future. Please. I am sick of being frustrated from not doing it. I know it won’t always make things any better, but it could, and that’s worth the try. So remember! Do it for me.
----------
The mind is a dangerous apparatus. Despite all of the revelations that I’ve had in the past week and in my life in general, I still have been causing myself the suffering that I had decided let go of creating. I guess I shouldn’t have ever expected to be able to completely free myself from that so easily. But still. It troubles me that I can spiral into it so easily. But I guess I’m fighting years and years of the habit of worrying and such. Changing that honestly isn’t so simple.
I say all of this because of the worrying that I’ve dipped myself back into again today regarding Chelsea. I was doing a good job of letting go of creating the suffering for most of the day, but there a reached a point this evening that it came back in through the open window. It’s just so hard not to worry. I want so badly that things work out with Chelsea and I. So any hint of that maybe not being the case, regardless of how ridiculous and not even a hint it was, brings in worrying. That worrying can lead to me thinking about other things. And so on.
More positive steps on the path of things working out with us have been taken though. I have Gina much to thank for that. I’ve been hanging out with her at The Bridge while she’s on call tonight. I told her all about what happened this week regarding Chelsea, specifically Wednesday night’s journaling decisions and last night’s absolute flipping of my world. Then, later on, we had a series of conversations about different things from how I am largely responsible for her and Zach getting back together through inviting her to the ASES party and I deciding to drink which made her decide to drink then we going to drunk text then she suggesting let’s call our ex’s then talked about Liu at one point, etc. 
But basically, later on, after she pointed out that we have a habit of making important phone calls around each other, I joked that I should call Chelsea right now. It was only a joke at first, but then later on in the night when I was agonizing about the whole “courting” process and waiting for her to respond and such, I sort of started to consider whether calling her may actually be a good idea in order to arrange a time for dinner. Gina started pointing out many good reasons for this. Eventually, I started actually considering it.
Several hours of deliberation later (okay that’s exaggeration, but it was at least 30 minutes or more and it sure felt like hours), I decided that indeed I should call her. But then I went through my usual process of not being able to press the button, while planning out what to say but then also trying to anticipate way things might go. What worked this time was telling Gina as I approached the front door that when I walk outside, I’m going to press it. And I did.
The phone rang. And rang. Then. Chelsea answered. Trying to prevent myself from feeling surprised or caught off-guard, I jumped into what I had planned, but forgetting to say who it was, then having to step back and say who when she asked. Then, I took a moment to ask if this was a bad time or not even though what I wanted to talk about would be quick. She told me that she was hanging out with Jemima, but could talk. Then I just said that I wanted to figure out when we were both free to get dinner. Then she offered Monday, we agreed on a time, and that was that. So simple. Why did I have to go through so much work for something that was so simple in the end?
So here I am now. Suddenly feeling that 2-3 days is such a long time. Sigh. Such problems, ha. Get lost in your work, and the time will fly away. It’ll be okay. I’m proud of you, dude, though. I know all of this is tough for you. But you keep persisting and taking steps in the right direction, if each step takes some time and effort. I think you’ll make it to your desired destination. I believe in you! But maybe I should take Gina’s point to heart: isn’t it the road that’s more important? Not the end destination? I feel like I used to say this myself that the journey is more important than the destination. Well, that should apply to even the courting process too, right? Maybe, I need to find enjoyment and life pleasure out of this too, regardless of how much I might not like it at times. It’ll certainly make it go better at least. Then, we’ll eventually reach the crossroads to another journey whether with Chelsea or not. Only time will tell. I should be thankful to God that I’m on this journey right now at all though. Thank you, God. Again.
----------
There is something else on my mind, so...I’m back. Again. Something occurred to me earlier while talking to Gina. I pointed out to her as another reason that I sort of don’t want to wait with telling Chelsea how I feel is that, we only have this quarter, then we’re both going to be abroad, me likely through the summer too. Which is a good point, and a somewhat legitimate time pressure.
But then I thought about this a different way. We have a quarter then we’re going to be separated by space for 6 months at least. That’s like less than 3 months, then bam, gone for 6 months! I am crazy to think that this would work out at all?
But I can’t help but want to try at least. I feel from my side at least, despite my dislike for long-distance, that I am completely willing to go through that. Aren’t I mad to think someone else would want to go through that too? Aren’t I selfish to want to ask someone to go through that? I guess maybe not if it’s not necessarily just me asking her to do that. If she wants to do that herself.
I don’t know though. I sort of feel uncomfortable about this. I also am unsure how I never really thought about this. I remember acknowledging that this would happen, but I never really stopped to think about what it really meant from a realistic viewpoint. Obviously, I am assuming that things will work out at all this quarter for the long-distance part to even come into play. But feel that I have to consider this long-distance part now if I want to go about even attempting to reach that point.
I have no solution or answer for you, unfortunately. All I can say is that, I am willing to take the risks despite how crazy it might be, and I am willing to do everything in my power on my end to keep things working out if things work out this quarter to get to that point. So, in other words, you still have the okay from me. 
I guess the better question is when to tell her how I feel. Something else I’m worried about though is that, say I suddenly feel ready to tell her while we are having dinner in the dining hall or something. But I’m not gonna tell her right there in the dining hall! How do I get us outside though?
Maybe it’s simpler than I think though. There’s nothing weird about once we are leaving the dining hall to say, hey do you mind walking with me for a little bit, or something along those lines. Or even setting it up before that. Then, once you are out there, just have some place in mind to go. If you don’t want to start spilling it out while walking then just talk about something else for a bit until you find a suitable place, then suggest sitting down. Simple, yes?
When it comes down to it, I think, one, that no matter how much you want to plan, planning is only going to get you so far. Two, along those lines, you’re gonna have to be very adaptable in the moment, and figure out what to do quickly on the spot. I know you say that you aren’t good on your feet quick like that, but I think you can do it. If anything, what would help you a lot with that is just slowing down. Making a decision quickly doesn’t mean that you have to just spit out an answer just like that. You can take a moment to think it over.
But once you make a decision, what you really need to do is act on it. Immediately. Drop your hesitation. Acknowledge that hesitating will only lead to increasing the probability of losing the opportunity, losing the moment. As I have pointed out to you more recently, you are a person that is VERY good at watching carefully in the moment, waiting and waiting for that opening to appear. Then, once it arrives, you strike. I see that on my bike all the time when you look for an opening among other bikers to speed through and past. I saw that today on the basketball court when you stole or rebounded the ball then just took off for a fast break down the court. And I’ve seen it time and time again in the past in different games and such.
Don’t waste this wonderful ability and skill of yours to find openings or to find the perfect moment for timing something. You’re good at it, but hesitation ruins it. Don’t let hesitation ruin it. Act. Trust your intuition and spontaneity. They are both really good. Believe me. I have full faith in you, bro. While I’m not sure how much I believe in divine stuff and fate, do remember that I’ve been waiting and creating an opening in myself, in my life, for a space that I think Chelsea may be meant to fill. Again, only time will tell. And God. So let’s be thankful for how far we’ve come. And let’s enjoy the rest of the journey down this path of the “courting” process until we find that the time is right and find ourselves at that crossroads. Where we let Chelsea decide which we will go, together, or I will go, alone.
Best, Marcus Francium Jackson
