Wednesday 4 February 2015
Dear Good Sir,
I’ll probably end up writing about this in the monthly analysis (which would be against the point of it being about January, but I think I’ll end up generalizing it…), but all of this Chelsea/Mina stuff has been going up and down, confusion to slight clarity to confusion, etc. And it’s probably going to stay that way. So maybe I shouldn’t spend so much time writing about it all the time and thinking about it all the time. Maybe I should direct that energy elsewhere and let things happen at their natural course.
That doesn’t mean that you can’t do anything in that regards, but just act out of how you are feeling at that time. Maybe this whole coin flip decision making can be a thing. By that, I mean the use of coin flips to make decisions I’m struggling with that I’ve been using as of late, with a few cases in January, and another one today.
A good one today, in fact. I was trying to decide whether I wanted to go to the XA dinner at Lag thing to end the fast that they were doing. The idea had more so entered my mind this afternoon randomly after reading another email about it. Closer to it starting I was considering it more, but could not come to a decision. So I flipped a coin! And it said heads. But the way I was viewing it then, at least, was that God was communicating a decision to me through the coin.
Then I tried to use that again tonight for whether to text Chelsea again, but I ended up not feeling the coin flip. A part of me wanted to say why don’t you just listen to how you feel and make the decision that way. God can communicate directly to you too. I also often find that if a coin flip comes up on one side and it causes disappointment, then you probably should go with the other option.
But maybe combining these things, viewing the coin flip as God’s message, leading to dedication to the coin flip, unless it causes disappointment in which case God probably had it land in that way so that I’d recognize my feelings about it. Perhaps, this might ease some decision making in the near future especially in regards to Mina/Chelsea stuff as I’m not sure how worth it it is to keep directing so much energy to thinking and being confused about it. It’s not going to improve all that much right now by nature as it’s, for the most part, out of my control at the moment until later in time. So let’s just wait. Yo.
Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson
