Sunday 15 March 2015
Dear Good Sir,
I am free. From the bonds of CS110. Assignments, at least. Still gotta rock a final, so we’ll see how that goes. Nonetheless, I was happy, perhaps absurdly so, when I finished my assignment earlier. I literally danced for a few minutes in utter joy. That assignment and the assignments in this class in general have been hanging over my head quite a bit though, so I guess it is fair for me to have been that happy.
I went on an epic-length run yesterday, one of the longest I’ve done in quite awhile at 7.5+ miles and over 65 minutes. The run left me very, very exhausted the rest of the day yesterday to the point of just wanting to lay out on the floor and pass out (which I did at one point). I was even feeling a soreness of sorts around my chest which possibly was an aerobic soreness of sorts.
I was expecting today to be extremely sore, but woke up finding that I wasn’t. But I ended up playing basketball today which at a certain point found myself very sluggish. I went on a run afterwards and REALLY felt this sluggishness here. It’s hard to describe, but it was just hard to run even going very slowly.
Since this is quite abnormal to experience, I did some brainstorming trying to figure out what the cause was. The most likely things in my mind would be either effects of the long run yesterday or the fact that I had been playing basketball before that in which I often enter a state of laziness especially when just playing 1 on 1 which may have continued into the run. Or maybe it was just a random thing that occurred or there was some other cause. I’m not sure.
Nonetheless, I want to point out that this sluggishness is okay. It happens sometimes. You just do your best despite these sorts of things and move on. You can’t have super feel good runs every day. You gotta have less-feel good days for the feel-good days to mean anything. Also, remember that I’m not running cross country or track anymore. So the high expectations aren’t necessary here. I’m running for my own personal reasons now. I run for myself and myself alone.
I simply want to get faster and stronger the best I can, but that doesn’t mean tons of pressure like my XC/track days. It just means that is one of my guiding factors. One specific thing is that I want to be in really good shape for SPOT. I also just want to be in better shape constantly instead of the whole always falling out of the habit of running sort of thing that happens sometimes. I love being outside and doing physical things, so let’s be in the best shape I can to do these things. Yeah!
Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson
