Friday 17 October 2014
Dear Good Sir,
I swear. Every time I see her, I like her even more. Crystal obviously. We had lunch today and there was a point early on that I was trying to think of what to talk about, but then not long after, there reached a point that we just exploded, talking endlessly about stuff. I honestly happened before I knew it. 
Yet. I still am as hesitant as before. I still can’t shake the thoughts of closing myself in before I know for sure. Especially, with the knowledge of going off (VERY most likely) to Japan in the spring and such where who knows might happen or who I might meet. I am scared of devoting myself when I can’t see the future. As I’ve pointed out in the past, this is exactly the dilemma I faced regarding Amanda. But this is different in my opinion, largely due to the fact that Crystal is different, but beyond that, the current relationship that I have with her right now is very different. Crystal is a very close friend of mine right now, not something that I can say for others that I’ve dated or pursued romantic interests with. Not even Gina fits that bill as I only knew Gina for 2 months or so at that point of time.
So naturally, another part of the worry if I tried to take things in that direction is that Crystal and I might discover that we aren’t right for each other. Who knows what could happen to us as friends as a result? Do I want to risk that?
To be fair though, if I look back, those who I’ve asked out in the past that said no, I am still good friends with. But I guess, this is also different though as what I am worried about is not that Crystal will say no and the effects of that, but that if we were in a relationship and things went wrong and we broke up. That’s my worry. I don’t have the same track record regarding breaking up and still being friends. It’s not that I think that things would go wrong. It’s just that there’s a chance of that, and that’s something I have to keep in mind.
So I still don’t know. I still don’t really want to take action. I feel like I’d feel safer dating people that I don’t know well at the start, versus someone like Crystal that I know really well and wouldn’t want to risk ruining the friendship that we already have. But perhaps, that’s a risk that I’ll just have to take. I just sure don’t see that way right now. And don’t really know how to get myself to that point or if I even want to get myself to that point. For now, I’ll just keep dragging on, not taking action.
