Saturday 1 November 2014
So today was certainly a 大変な day. Remember that mountain lion we heard about? On my way to Wilbur for brunch with Allie, as I was biking, I spotted it running at me and I jumped off my bike and tackled it to the ground, and beat it at wrestling but got a few wounds as a result. Yeah no, I wish…
As I was biking past the post office towards the open area with Meyer to the left far side and the Law Library to the right, there were a few girls walking three-wide through the narrow pillar area. As a result, I went hard down the right side of it and because of this, decided not to even try to turn left around them and straight down the hill towards Meyer. Instead, I continued forward as if going towards Stern (why didn’t I just go this way…?) to reach the second turn left towards Meyer and that way. That sharp turn. 
As I reached that point, I began turning then suddenly felt something strange, something that I haven’t really experienced much before as my bike refused to respond properly. I felt the bike toppling over to the left, me along with it and before long, I was hitting the ground. During this process of falling over, I sort of felt like I could do something, yet, I just watched as I didn’t. It wasn’t that I felt helpless but more so that I didn’t know what to do. The bike and I hit the ground, I falling out on my stomach and sliding to a halt with grunt. I got up quickly thinking, “damn, I need to get to Wilbur”, not feeling any pain. But as I picked up my bike, my hands still on the handles the whole time, I saw my left knee looked pale right on the end. In my head, I knew what that meant but my stubbornness prevented me from acknowledging it immediately.
Instead, I tried to start biking again, but saw that my bike handles had been jammed to the side due to the fall. I tried to fix it right there, but couldn’t get the leverage to do so. Then I noticed the blood pouring out of my knee. And the side of my elbow. And my hand. Suddenly aware that people might be around having not seen what happened since no one came rushing to me but see me now, I began feeling like a day late Halloween prank with my shirt all dirty and slight blood stains on it and with my body bleeding out.
I quickly texted Allie “Sorry will be a minute, just slipped”, still refusing to acknowledge that something significant had just happened. I started walking towards Wilbur. And realize, I was only walking because I couldn’t get my handles turned, not because I was bleeding out. I was barely even feeling any pain. On the way there, I managed to turn the handles back then sat on the bike and tried to pedal, to find that the chain had come off during the fall. Grumbling to myself, I instead started kicking forward using my left leg at first despite all of the damage from the fall being on my left side. Again, I didn’t feel that it was that bad.
I walked into Wilbur, seeing Allie, but really just wanting to go to the bathroom to clean up, sort of wanting to hide my bleeding out from everyone and from her. But in the bathroom, I quickly realized that my knee looked real bad and was bleeding a lot and that although it wasn’t a deep wound, it was a large abrasion. I walked out and told her that I wanted to find med stuff to clean up like wipes and such. She suggested maybe the dining people had something, so I figured it was worth a try. The lady at the thing looked not sure what to do and called over the head dude who saw my knee and me walk out immediately and go sit down. He then took Allie with him to get supplies.
I sat there feeling silly. I didn’t want to delay our brunch and just wanted to fix up quick. More lack of acknowledging that it was bad. She came back with stuff and ready to clean me up. And I totally felt that she could and all, but didn’t feel that I wanted to make her go through that. So I decided to go to Vaden, so she wouldn’t. Continuing to apologize, we walked over, I saying that I was fine. We started to catch up on the way. I still bleeding out.
Vaden was empty of patients, so they were able to take me in immediately, and a nurse started cleaning me up. Under a very resilient mindset, I went through the entire process, including a tetanus shot at their suggesting since my last one was ten years ago anyway, very positive and pushing through the sting and pain. I started thinking about all of the positives of this incident. I’m always worried about as a designated WFA person having to deal with abrasion/wounds like this, so this gives me some data on what to do since I watched very carefully the whole process of washing with soap and water and the procedural bruising/head damage checks and such and the bandaging and such.
On top of that, the fall wasn’t as bad as it could have been since it was just surface abrasions, nothing deep, most of the damage due to the friction burn of sliding across the concrete as I lost velocity. Now, I can implement a much more safe biking routine of not risking turns like that or at least slowing down enough to make it less sharp. And I started realizing how fortunate I am to have Vaden like this and healthcare and being able to just walk in and get help.
And...well yeah. I was being very resilient and positive thinking at the time. Which I think says something. I appreciate your resilience and constant reassuring. I’m not sure your priorities are super straight with brunch being your constant focus until you finally decided to go to Vaden. Especially, in terms of if you had hit your head or back or something and getting up isn’t a good idea. But in general, you didn’t let any of it get to you and you stayed super positive the whole time. I do appreciate that. I’ll have to deal with the consequences of the fall for awhile with bandaging and all as healing will likely take a while but push on bro. It seems like CS is more a concern at this point than a “slip.”
Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson