Sunday 7 December 2014
Dear Good Sir,
This doesn’t necessarily fit into this journal super well, but I have been meaning to journal about this for a few days, and I see no point in delay, and I also might be good for me to go ahead do this before tomorrow. It’s simply a question that I wish to answer: what type of woman are you looking for? Very simple, yes? Just kidding. No, it ain’t.
After some thinking the past few days, the best answer I could give without having a ton ton of constraints (because that’s what it comes down to really, applying constraints, on top of the ones that automatically exist, to the huge population that is the women of the world) is the following: I seek a woman that loves me for who I am and accepts me for who I am, no matter what. I seek a woman that is willing to do the things that I enjoy regardless if that is something she normally does or even if it’s just for me. I seek a woman that is an explorer at heart and is willing to try new things and be adventurous in a variety of ways including things that I might suggest. And to appease the male instincts in me that exist for every other guy as well in some form: I seek a woman that is beautiful and funny and willing to engage in sexual activities. There.
The previous part of the journal is a good segue into this part: I ran into Chelsea on Friday morning after finishing my 131 pset. If you recall, I had been planning since going to the protest that Wednesday that the next time I saw her, I’d ask if she’d like to get a meal with me some time. Pretty much solely as a way to get to know her better and scout for future actions. I just honestly don’t know much of anything about her right now, and I’d like to change that regardless of any possible future actions on my part.
David was with me when she approached me though (I also felt a slight heartbeat increase from seeing her at all outside of David being there), so I didn’t feel quite as comfortable asking her then even though I just should have. I ended up deciding that afternoon since I happened to get her email through forwarding a protest follow-up email to her, that I’d just email her to set up a meal together. She responded to this email yesterday morning saying yes and suggesting Monday as in tomorrow now.
I am just journaling about this course of events because, well, it isn’t really a course of events. Nothing much has happened yet. That will be tomorrow. In terms of tomorrow (which I don’t know exactly what time of day this is happening yet), I’d like to just brainstorm a few things in order to have questions and pieces of information about her to try to find out over the course of the meal, i.e. I’m just trying to be prepared in general for this...gathering? Don’t try to call it anything else, yo.
I’ll list that now in NO PARTICULAR order (well I guess it’s the order in which I thought of them...): major, hometown, background and story, ambitions (in terms of career, where to live, etc), family, Stanford experience, hobbies, free time activities, clubs, personality (doesn’t necessarily warrant a direct question, but can be pieced together through interactions), ethnicity, travel experience, travel desire, sense of exploration (again maybe doesn’t warrant a direction question, but indirect ones to gauge), languages, favorite books and authors and movies…
That’s all I got for now. But I’m sure you’ll add more for me. I expect an extensive report on her tomorrow night. Just kidding. I think? You may wish to remember though. We shall see. Remember, my only official goal tomorrow is to get to know her better and scout out for future action. Nothing more. Seriously.
Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson
