Monday 6 October 2014
Dear Good Sir,
After last night’s mishaps with Max, my mind keeps going back to it defending myself and such. As a result since it was related, I was also thinking about defence in general in games. This is something that I’ve had thought about in the past probably provoked by my defence-loving tendencies in Runescape and all of the lovely things that that and my love for ranged caused in the wildy and in the game in general.
In many games when I look at it whether physical games or sports or video games, etc, there is often some form of defence in the game which can really be a range of things. In Runescape, it is something that everyone technically has, but you can choose to make your character have more of it than their other combat stats effectively making them or of a “tank” which makes them take damage less than the majority of the players who focus on the damage combat stats more so (not sure why I am talking so general as if you don’t know this game). Though not just combat stats but melee in specific, but that’s a different conversation altogether.
There was often a butting of heads in the game between the majority of players that all focused on damage dealing and melee and the minority who liked more defensive strategies (and often ranged attacks). The majority melee people would get frustrated from hitting so many 0’s or not doing damage most attacks while they got hit away by the more defensive people since it is often easy to hit the people with low defense regardless if the defensive person has high combat stats or not. Really, the defensive strategy is a bit smarter in a lot of ways, but my point, the majority of players not just in Runescape but in general tend to like highly aggressive and damage dealing strategies in games. And the people that like the more defensive strategies often get crap for it.
I think I can see this even in a game like basketball. The majority of people completely focus on their shooting skills and dribbling and in general, the offensive side of the game. In general, people don’t necessarily focus on the defensive side at least as far as I can see, but I think it is definitely held in much less esteem than the offensive side. The defence in many sports are often the unsung heroes of the team because everyone venerates the offense. Yes, offense is certainly a very important part of sports and you can’t win without scoring generally, but without the defence the opponent would outscore you generally and things would fall through without them.
I feel like my focus on defence in basketball, and in most games/sports really, falls into the minority. It just isn’t as kosher. People don’t understand it or necessarily recognize that its happening. It’s like an unheard of sort of thing. Especially, when you don’t voice it in fear of going against the majority or feeling like there’s no point even bringing it out. You know my motto is always silent pride. So you know I sure don’t generally say anything. 
It’s just plain interesting psychologically how all of this happens though. What makes us want to hold the offense in such high esteem? Why do you have to be superb beyond superb to really be venerated for defence?
And to end, I don’t know if this is a thing, but the past few days that I have been bike-less and walking to class and places, I’ve been noticing something. Over the past few days, I’ve ran into SO many people. So many more than on average over a week of biking. I don’t know if it’s just a coincidence or if there’s really something to it or what. But this makes me want to walk more often then. I am a man of spontaneity so you know that I love these chance encounters. I LIVE for these things. Running into Crystal today. That makes my day!
Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson
