Monday 20 October 2014
Dear Good Sir,
You are becoming an absolute pro with this memory stuff. As in, more than before. Yesterday and today, I tried out the new Pokemon Hiragana association system (which by the way, I got down in just a few days also like a pro) with actually applying it for memorization. Yesterday for kanji and today for tango. And BOY, does it work. Especially for the kanji. The fact that I have figured out how to memorize kanji radical by radical without photographic memory is brilliant. As in, I absolutely applaud your brilliance with this system. And with the way that you have set up documenting how exactly you memorized everything will be awesome for ensuring that all of this memorization actually gets to my long term, which honestly is the real important goal. Good work.
One thing that I challenge you to for this tango/kanji memorization is to maximize not just for long term memorization, but to maximize speed or in other words, minimize for the amount of time you actually have to spend studying while maintaining getting the memorization into long term. I think the biggest thing would be to be sure that when you are creating the stories for each individual piece that you don’t waste any time spacing out, but make the story quickly and move on. Another thing may be dropping making stories for things that you already know, but at the same time in terms of long term maximization, maybe it would be good to make stories for everything unless you have reason to believe the thing is already in long term (i.e. you learned it last year).
And to end, I am rather excited for hearing back about SJEC! On the way to Japanese today, during my usual greeting to Meagan-san, she asked me if I applied. After my affirmative reply, she said that she saw my application and that she is excited. This totally made my day to hear this. I have even more hope now of getting to be an officer for SJEC. Also, I am just really excited for more experiences and opportunities involving Japan, and I am also really excited to meet other people at Stanford who are excited about Japan. So this whole thing is just exciting! LET’S GO!
Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson
