Tuesday 14 October 2014
Dear Mr. 21,
Though there are a few things on the list, I’ll keep this brief since I’m short on time. Today has turned out to be a wonderful birthday. The majority of the day up until the evening was just a normal day, and honestly fine based on my birthday views. But I think my views have changed today. Yeah.
The birthday part of the day began with picking up my second package from Ma which turned out to be an awesome bungie chair which will be a wonderful addition to my room and something that I honestly very much needed yet totally did not see coming. I actually could not even figure out what it was even after opening it without eventually finding a tag.
After some birthday phone calls during the eve, I returned to my 221 assignment which I somehow managed to finish without a late day (birthday present?). Then I joined Mina in her room after she came in and invited me over which made my hypersensitive suspiciousness-alarms go off. I’ve been wary of signs of showering all day and last night. But nothing until this moment.
So I hung out over there for awhile. So long that at a certain point, I started to think that this had nothing to do with showering and that that wasn’t happening. Which would have been fine. But eventually, nearly 2 hours later, suspiciousness picked up again with her eventually giving me a reason to return to the room. I opened my now closed door to my room with a smile as it popped up with lots of smiles back. I cannot describe the wonderful feeling of seeing so many friends in your room, there to celebrate a moment with you. There because they are your friend, and that’s what friends do.
And it is somewhere alongside all of this that my views of birthdays have changed. Much of it remains the same with the whole why should the fact that it is your birthday give a reason for random people and people that don’t really know you anyway to suddenly treat you like a king for one day? However, where my view has changed lies within friends. Yes, we should treat our friends with love and surprises throughout the year. But it’s good to have this scheduled routine excuse every year to get together and celebrate together a friend. That’s essentially what it is. A way for a bunch of friends to say together to another friend, “We love you and care about you; you have friends.” 
Now, that is not to say anything of friends that couldn’t make it. Things come up, obviously. It’s not about the friends individually showing that they care in the sense of proof. It’s more just a reminder to the person. Something that they can look back and go “ahhh.” So yeah, birthdays are thing. A little bit so anyway.
Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson
