Sunday 12 October 2014
Dear Good Sir,
So, you know when I said the other day that I thought I knew how I felt about Crystal? Well, maybe I did then, but I don’t know anymore. More thinking this weekend has put me into indecision again. I was even ready a few days ago to start testing waters or at least trying to figure out how to do so without attracting attention. Part of it, which I feel immensely stupid about for some reason, is that I question how good of a romantic partner she would be. I love her to death and she’s one of the nicest people ever, but I just question. And I feel horrible about such questioning. Especially since I have no real basis for such questioning. Nothing to give any reason to the arguments or whatever. All just stupidness.
On top of this stupidness, I also wonder if it’s a good idea in regards to wanting to remain open. If you notice, this is EXACTLY one of my worries back with Amanda. In fact, I had already recognized this a few days ago and became willing to put it aside for the sake of progress. But it has crept back in other forms. The thought that I am going to Kyoto likely in the spring and such comes up. I wonder if I should look for someone more ok or seemingly more ok, or more congruent I guess, with me wanting to travel a lot. I wonder and wonder. Question and question. I don’t know. I don’t like this. This has even caused me some sudden, hard-to-detect-the-cause sadness. I would like some divine wisdom, please.
I know things this week and forward are going to be busy. But let’s be conscious of all of our goals (see the master list in your mini journal if need be). I don’t want to let things slip through ESPECIALLY regarding dreams (DIVINE WISDOM POTENTIAL, COME ON NOW). But even the other things like the goal/life tracker. It’s so easy. Just do it everyday. Please.
Guess what. I’VE APPLIED FOR SPRING KYOTO ABROAD. WOOHOO!!! I pretty much want to say that I’m going. Honestly, out of all of the people that I know, YOU are the one that I think most deserves to go to Kyoto. I would really be upset with the selection committee if I’m not chosen. That’s just how much I deserve it and how much that I think I transmitted my passion into my essay and feel that I’ve got this. And I know that I’ve got this. I just have to wait until I’ve been told that I’ve got it. So, just wait. I’ll give you the confirmation soon.
