Wednesday 3 December 2014
Dear Good Sir,
I think tonight has to honestly be the most amazing experience that I’ve ever had during my Stanford experience (and probably will ever have, unless I do something similar again). I joined my brothers and sisters in protesting the lack of indictment of another police officer in the killing of a fellow American, black man, and human, Eric Garner. As a quick explanation of what happened to Garner, police approached him for selling untaxed cigarettes, then an officer put him in a chokehold (which is actually banned by NYPD) and when he resisted, several other officers came around him and brought him to the ground still in a chokehold. Garner cried “I can’t breathe” several times, and died several minutes later.
My anger and upsetness and frustration is very high even still right now. What makes this particular case even more troubling is that the whole incident was recorded by a phone camera and is all over the internet. So unlike with Trayvon Martin and Michael Brown, there is absolutely NO question of what happened. The whole thing was recorded. A murder was effectively recorded. Yet, somehow, for some reason, the jury decided not to indict the officer (indict being bring to trial). Why. What the hell is wrong with this country?
I found out about the protest a few hours before, and on a whim decided to go, but my resolve was strengthened after researching and learning the circumstances of what happened to Garner. I went with Mina and Tristan. We arrived in White Plaza around 7 PM as people were starting to show up. I began to become surprised and more surprised to recognize people here and there. There was a lot of waiting around as people signed up and we waited for more to show up. I felt a bit unsure about how I felt right then and how I wanted to engage with everyone since there were a bunch of Arroyans and other people I recognized. I just wasn’t sure I was in the mood to laugh and such. I was upset.
Something that struck me in the intro and rallying speeches before we set out was that the girl emphasized that this was about being seen and being visible. And that it is important that the ones being targeted in what we are protesting, i.e. blacks, really must be visible. So in that vein, that allies give the space to allow those being targeted to be visible. I never would have thought about it like that and that such a thing would be necessary to say and emphasize, but I suppose I do see the point of it.
Before long, we set off headed for downtown Palo Alto, 500+ strong. And so began the non-stop chanting that would define the rest of the march. It didn’t take long for me to get accustomed to the several different chants that we were saying over and over. Time seemed to be passing in strange fashion. Almost fast but also sort of slow as in I was very aware of our every step. 
We reached Palm Dr and that is when things really started. As we passed the Oval, walking in the street on the right side, I was thinking to myself at the time, we really need to get over to the sidewalk. Why aren’t we going over to the sidewalk…? Then we entered right into the middle of the street on Palm Dr and after a few moments, it began to set in what we were doing. We are going to walk in the streets. “Out of the dorms, into the streets” as the chant goes.
We weren’t even past the turns for the parking lots for the museum and concert hall when I noticed a police motorcycle on our left driving down the sidewalk the same direction as us. Worry entered me as I watched the man and wondered what he would do. Is he going to try to stop us? I also began noticing public safety vehicles as well. We reached the Campus Dr intersection before long where things got real, really fast. Before we entered the intersection, the police motorcycle and public safety vehicles drove out as if blocking the cars, not us.
Upon entering the intersection we stopped. Like literally. Just stopped. Stopped walking that is. Our chanting only got stronger. This is what a protest is then. We are literally disrupting the people. You are going to see us. We are shutting things down for the sake of the people and cause that we march for. As we stood there just chanting on, I suddenly heard something that immediately ticked me off. Some of the car drivers had the nerve to start honking at us. Instead of moving on, we kept on standing there and chanting and I noticed a general focus of the group turn towards the direction of the honking cars as if saying, yeah, we aren’t going nowhere, listen and wake up. 
Eventually, we continued forward towards University Avenue, stopping at each intersection in order to continue our disruption efforts, with the police clearing the way for us. I do have to say that I appreciate the people in cars on Palm Dr that got stuck, but showed their support through sticking their thumb up out of the window. I became very hyped up upon walking under the Caltrain bridge. That felt like the moment when we were really entering the heart of Palo Alto and things were really getting going. 
We walked up to the first intersection outside that cafe to the left and Pizza My Heart and the fountain to the right. And we stopped. The leader announced 7 minutes of moment of silence. Then we sat down. In the middle of a busy intersection in Downtown Palo Alto. What a beautiful moment of my life. I began to remember what we were all here for and why were doing this. I remembered the people that lost their lives but did not receive justice.
Then I began to take in the moment. I was sitting in the middle of an intersection in Palo Alto. How amazing! Never before have I done something like this. I could feel the cold, wet ground below of the street. I felt the slight sprinkle over my body as the sky acknowledged our presence. I could see through my closed eyes the glow of green as the traffic lights said go but no one could follow their directions. The flashes of light from the police ahead of us also shined through my eyelids. I could hear the silence that really felt like a silence when you consider that we had just been chanting non-stop since we left White Plaza. I could also hear the water from the fountain outside Pizza My Heart helping me to remember just exactly we were. Finally, I could sense and feel the presence of my fellow brothers and sisters around me. I could feel the connection.
The 7 minutes complete, we stood up and started walking forward again. It was around this point that I really understood that the police and public safety vehicles were here for US not to stop us. They were ensuring our safety. I don’t know if that implicitly says that they agreed with our cause or what, but they certainly were going to be stopping us. This was also the moment when I started making a bit of an effort to be in the front of the group. I felt connected with my fellow brothers and sisters and wanted to give my all and my full presence. My desire to be here at this protest was at full blast.
One of the few moments of hostility towards us happened around this time. We stopped at the intersection up the block when a white man on the left side corner started shouting “GO HOME” at us over and over. I had a moment of panic unsure of what the response of the crowd would be. If anyone was any angrier than me then they didn’t really show per se as the main response was just people moving closer to him and sort of around him. Which could certainly be interpreted as hostility returned per se, but I was just happy that nothing more happened.
In contrast though, one highlight of positivity around this time was, in response to the leader’s call of “Out of your cars” and our response “into the streets”, apparently someone actually did get out of their car which caused some clapping. I don’t know if they actually started marching with us or not though.
I had another “whoa” moment a bit later on We were continuing down University Ave, having just stopped in front of the Apple store (and giving them a shout out in the “we shut it down” chant by the leader calling out “Apple”), when I started to think, how far are we going? We made a turn to the right after this then passed that random store that someone mentioned had some weird thing to look at outside. Then we were headed back towards University at the Pizza My Heart. My inclination was that we would be turning left and heading home now. But then, the “whoa” moment came when we turned right. We’re doing a loop. A loop. What the. That suddenly meant that we were going to be out here for awhile. Which is fine, but whoa that’s intense.
Even more intense was when we took turns for 2nd and 3rd and more loops. We even did another moment of silence around the 2nd or so. That’s when things changed for me. The female student that had been leading and calling in the call and response had been at it for awhile, so naturally her voice needed a break so during the second moment of silence, someone switched spots with her. There was a moment when I could have been the purpose that was holding the loudspeaker for the leader. But I’m not good at quick decisions like that, so I didn’t end up taking it even though that would have glued me to the very front of the pack for sure.
What happened instead though was that I was handed a sign, one with “Black lives matter.” This became my role in the march and my connection with the group was only even more increased at this point up in the front. My main focus was to lift the sign up whenever we did the “black lives matter” chant mostly for emphasis and for rallying’s sake. I also just tried to keep it up as much as possible in order to encourage others behind me.
Another moment of positivity later in the march was when I saw people on the sidewalks chanting with us and even a few people that started walking WITH us. It’s moments like these that you really appreciate especially in contrast to those few negative moments. We walked home chanting all the way back in high spirits. Arriving back, while our anger was certainly not appeased in the sense that nothing has changed per se in terms of the indictment, at the same time, we definitely felt that we had made an impact (just to note, I noticed upon arriving back that our numbers seemed at least half of what they were before. I was in the front the whole time once we got to Palo Alto, so I’m not sure when things changed but yeah). 
I am infinitely happy that I took part in this protest. I have to say without a doubt that this is the most amazing experience that I have had at Stanford so far. Which says a lot. I am only glad that something the leaders emphasized at the end was that this is only the beginning. As in there will be more. And I’ll be there next time too if time permits.
Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson
	Protests Chants
This is not a moment, THIS IS OUR MOVEMENT.
Out of the dorm, INTO THE STREETS; Out of the shops, INTO THE STREETS; Out of your shops; INTO THE STREETS; Out of your cars; INTO THE STREETS.
For Ferguson, WE SHUT IT DOWN; For St. Louis, WE SHUT IT DOWN; For New York, WE SHUT IT DOWN; For Michael Brown; WE SHUT IT DOWN; Palo Alto (listen up), WE SHUT IT DOWN; Apple, WE SHUT IT DOWN.
Black lives matter; BLACK LIVES MATTER.
No justice, NO PEACE, No racist POLICE.
Show them what democracy looks like, THIS IS WHAT DEMOCRACY LOOKS LIKE (clapping)
They think it’s a joke, THEY THINK IT’S A GAME; Y’all think it’s a joke, Y’ALL THINK IT’S A GAME.
No more guns, NO MORE ARMOR; Justice for, ERIC GARNER.
