Sunday 28 September 2014
Dear Good Sir,
I apologize for taking so long to get my act together and write to you again. But it’s back and that’s all that really matters. This has been a bit of an eventful week, but I’ll have to write about certain things with time instead of overloading you now (though I really should make myself go through that after taking so long but whatever).
I’ve discovered a possible new passion and talent for myself this week: slacklining. It’s very similar to tightrope walking except it is a flatline, so a little easier to stand on and it doesn’t bore into your feet I’m sure. And wow, is it fun. My RCC, who first started learning a long time ago at a circus camp, set it up and showed a few of us on Thursday. It took awhile to even learn to last a few seconds on the line, but I apparently am a natural with this or lucky because I started taking my first steps on the line by the end of the night’s practice on Thursday which Mark said seemed fast. I quickly began to love the activity, one for its coolness in terms of a cool talent. But also, for the associations with mindfulness that I am finding in the practice. 
Slacklining really requires mindfulness to be possible. You really have to be in the moment with all of your attention to stay up on that line. You need the utmost placement of your center of gravity in order to keep from falling off, and that really can only be achieved when you are really focused. So naturally, this activity really puts you into the moment. On top of that, the activity itself seems to even train mindfulness in that to stay up, you have to be small with your adjustments to your center of gravity. When you get frustrated, it can be rather tough to keep these adjustments small which can easily lead to one slip in balance leading to a slightly bigger one and so on until you can’t stay any longer. You really have to stay calm and almost just wait for the slip in balances to go away rather than try to get rid of it yourself. I’m only a few days in, but I am very hopeful for my interest and devotion to this new practice.
I had quite a scare this morning. I woke up around 8 or so normally, recording a dream, and then continued to sleep. In the next dream, things were normal in terms of a dream, but at a certain point, after a part in the dream where on a Google Maps-look alike I watched a signal on the map do this animation sort of like mimicking the center of an earthquake taking place though I didn’t fully internalize it like that during the dream. Then, the dream transitioned to me laying in bed as if I had woke up. Then without any warning, the peace suddenly was shattered as I felt myself being violently shaked which lasted a few seconds before waking up for real. But I didn’t realize that I had still been asleep this whole time, and woke up thinking there was an earthquake. It took me a bit to shake it and realize that all of this was just an elaborate and very realistic, at least in terms of what my mind apparently thinks an earthquake feels like. The biggest giveaway was that, at least I don’t think, earthquakes generally don’t start that violently but sort of build into that violently shaking. But what do I know having not experienced one, at least that I felt. We’ll see maybe (especially with all of these earthquake-likely places that I love i.e. Cali and Japan).
So, office hours are awesome. Please remember this. Especially this quarter. I went to office hours for CS221 for my problem set. I wasn’t expecting too much and was only going for a few problems and wasn’t planning on staying too long. But it ended up being SO VERY helpful over the 2-3 hours that I stayed. I don’t know if Amrit is just awesome or what, but he was a great TA. Though I haven’t really had a bad experience with office hours before (though I feel like I’ve heard of others’), so maybe TA’s are great in general. Please go more often!!!
And my final note to you, good sir for tonight: KEEP YO TIRES FILLED PLEASE. If you do, WE BE ROLLIN’. Seriously though. After yesterday’s tire issues, I finally filled my tires up this afternoon. And WOW. The extent that it improved my bike’s momentum efficiency is ABSURD. Biking up Santa Teresa again was so easy. Hill what? Apparently having filled tires is really important...REMEMBER PLEASE IN THE FUTURE. 
Thanks, Marcus Francium Tomato-Bro Jackson