Monday 1 December 2014
Dear Good Sir,
I just wanted to highlight a few things from the drive back with Omari last night. Besides the epic scariness from the fog and darkness during the drive, we also talked a lot about his game and game design and different things. There was something that he said that stood out to me. In that, he makes time for game design despite school/work because that’s what he enjoys, i.e. he does the game design in his free time. I think here’s something that I should do better with myself. I know I often feel like I don’t have free time, but I do and I should make more of a concerted effort to work on StratVS or other game design things during that time. 
More especially, I should try to actually do a lot of work on a project over winter break. As in, let’s actually do that, yo. I think StratVS is simple enough of a thing to be done in that short amount of time. Or at least, I think I can make a significant amount of progress. It doesn’t really require any level design or anything like that, and I don’t necessarily need legit art to get it up and running. There will probably be lots of testing and balance testing, but that’s another thing. I think I could totally get a version of the project going by the end of the break. Let’s aspire to such things, and spend less time with playing games in my free time. Sure that’s cool too, but I enjoy making games too, so do more of that. It’s more productive anyway. 
In addition to this, as I mentioned a few weeks ago, I’d like to start work on a memoir of my life. Something that I would eventually catch up to now, then continue to add to it for the rest of my life. I guess my journaling sort of serves the same purpose, but it’s something different that I want to do with the memoir. When I thought about it today, it’s more so an analysis of my life that I am looking for. I think eventually I’d like it to become a thing of a monthly thing to do. Around the end of each month, I could add more to the memoir, take into account the events of that month and my life so far and analysis myself and my life and such. 
Then in addition to this monthly analyses, I could also do a yearly analysis to see how far I’ve come and look at things from a larger scope. I think this should be a goal to achieve for next year. In terms of this end of the year, I think it would be better to just aim for trying to catch up. I don’t know if it’s feasible to try to finish a memoir up to the now by the end of this year, but I think I could at least get to the end of high school in that time. Let’s at least try. LET’S GO!
Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson