Friday 21 November 2014
Dear Good Sir,
I am writing this Saturday morning just so you’re aware, but this journal is about and meant for Friday. Last night was so crazy!!! I got drunk!!! What the actual heck? I am still wow’ed by last night in a lot of ways. But to start from the beginning, after eventually finishing my two assignments yesterday, I finally crossed the finish line into the break. David threw a party for ASES last night, and since I am more open to these experiences now that I am 21 and also since I want to be more prepared alcohol-wise when I go to Japan and such, I thought what better time than now to get some experience.
So I met Gina at the Bridge then walked over with her. She told me about her first real drinking experience as we walked over which probably worked as some priming for me to feel even more comfortable. We arrived at Terra and took a shot, my first shot, together which began the night’s drinking. Things were pretty calm, as far as a party goes, at first. Gina and I ended up exploring a bit and wound up finding a room with Melee on which we ended up coming back to and joining some Terra resident in playing later. Trying to switch back to Melee was easier than I was expecting, but it certainly had its challenges when I kept trying to use Smash 3DS moves or expecting moves to work they do in Smash 3DS, etc.
There reached a point while we were playing Melee that the party started picking up. At this point, I totally wasn’t feeling anything alcohol-related. Gina and I eventually returned to the party to find it very wild. I took a shot with David then proceeded to take 2 half shots (due to having to finish off containers) over the course of 30 minutes. My reasoning was that I still wasn’t feeling anything after this second shot. I asked Russell how long it usually takes to feel the alcohol and he said 15 minutes, and I knew I had waited at least 15 minutes and still wasn’t really feeling anything. So I reasoned that it would be okay to take another half shot over and over, etc. Eventually, I just reached a point of thinking that taking anymore would probably not be too smart, and decided to try a beer instead.
Some time after finishing the beer, Gina wanted to go to the bathroom and the other one was occupied by a dry heaver, so she went to look for one along the hallway where people live. This involved crossing a door barrier of sorts which almost seemed to separate us from the party, physically and sound-wise. I waited in the small room, but when she came back we just stayed there. While I wasn’t fully aware of it at the time, after we sat there talking for a bit, there reached a point when the alcohol suddenly slammed right into me. It feel like a haze or “buzz” over my head and silliness over me. In fact, I felt quite quite similar to hypnoemotions. Theory confirmed.
Before long we were drunk texting on each others’ phones, I sending tons of messages to Jacq (ending many of them with “yo” for whatever reason) and Gina texting JPang a few times. Gina started mentioning the idea of calling Zach at a certain point. Which she eventually did, but he didn’t answer thankfully. But then he responded that he was dealing with a transport and would get back to her.
The party reached an ending point soon, but instead of me going into wanting to be helpful mode as I usually am, especially since it was actually needed, my drunk state prevented me. It wasn’t necessarily an unable to help state as I was nowhere near being sick, but more so myself using the excuse of drunkenness to not help more than I wanted. I was enjoying the heck out of my drunkenness at this point. It was especially funny to everyone to see me like this.
Saurabh was sick and totally out of it, so we had to deal with him. Gina kept saying that she was going to go see Zach. Which I totally didn’t like. I wanted to at least walk her over there despite my state just to be safe since, while she didn’t seem in such a state as me, I still wasn’t sure about this. But she got impatient and took off. As we took Saurabh to Lantana, I suddenly started to really regret letting her take off like that despite not really being able to do much anyway. I texted and called her to make sure she made it there which she seemed like why are you calling, despite my legitimacy in it. The worry was also shared by Jacq who was close to going to search for Gina especially when she wasn’t responding.
David and I started heading back. But we made a mistake of sorts. Or at least in retrospect, it sort of was. We were passing TAP, and I was like, hey, let’s go to Late Night! So we went in where it was only like half an hour before it closed and super crowded. I tried my best to disguise my drunkenness as I ordered though it was a bit hard to keep the focus. But I could visibly see other intoxicated people in TAP, so I knew it was fine. We sat down and waited for the food. I drunken texted Ray-Ray which he found funny. David started falling asleep in the chair. He had not slept much this week, so it made sense to me.
At a certain point, David got up to go use the bathroom. Which I didn’t think much of at the time. I continued to wait for the food. Which finally arrived eventually. But David didn’t return. I waited and waited. Still nothing. Before long, it reached a point where I started to actually sort of worry. I was about to call him, then noticed his phone sitting there on the table...Wow.
Not long after, Steven showed up and I immediately told him about what was going on. That David went to the bathroom like 30 minutes or longer ago and that he had never came back and that both of us had been drinking etc. I then started to search. None of the bathrooms revealed him. Then I searched around the building just in case. Still nothing. I began to worry more and more. Eventually, I realized that I had forgotten to check the single bathrooms near the meeting rooms on the first floor. One of them was locked. An obvious solution occurred to me. David fell asleep on the toilet…
At this point, we asked the TAP staff for a key explaining that a friend had likely fallen asleep on the toilet. I told them that it was not likely alcohol-related since he didn’t seem that drunk and that he was very tired. But apparently, they don’t have a key. We instead just went over to the bathroom door and started banging on it more, but this time louder and over and over. After the second or third round of banging, we suddenly hear his voice from inside saying, gimme a second. Relief flooded me as things turned out to be as I thought, he must have fallen asleep on the toilet.
Steven walked with us most of the way home, then David and I went the rest. We had some talks about life to some extent, though I emphasized to him that we don’t have to be drunk to have these sort of talks. He mentioned the girl in ASES that he’s confused about and such. I sort of offhand mentioned Crystal, but kept the focus on his stuff. Before long, we crashed and went to bed. What a night.
More on my thoughts and reactions and reflections on alcohol, at a later time (see December early journals).
Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson
