Friday 5 December 2014
Dear Good Sir,
So over the past few days, I’ve talked to others about my experience and talked to others about their experiences regarding the protest. One thing that I definitely want to bring up is that there’s a good explanation for why the numbers seemed to half during the protest which I only noticed really upon arriving back on campus. It’s because the numbers did half. Not because people ditched but rather, there was a second operation that went on that night. Somehow without me and probably with a lot of others noticing, half of the group went to highway 101 where the blocked both sides and stopped traffic! Yeah. WHOA. 
I have no clue the logistics of how they got everyone there though I heard something about cars and such. I was thinking when I first about it that I wish I had been part of the group that went. But after hearing some things and some reconsidering, I am not totally sure. First, I should say that it turned out fine and they had success there. It’s just I feel like it was not a totally reasonable thing for them to do. What really scares me is their method for actually stopping the traffic on the highway: walking out onto the highway and hoping they stop. WUT. That’s kinda crazy. What if they don’t? Besides this un-safety, just thought of any sort of accident being caused by this could have been REALLY bad for the protest, beyond lives as well.
On top of the un-safety, I had heard that the highway patrol finally kicked them off. What I learned later though was that some had batons out. And I saw pictures online of a standoff-ish sort of thing though it certainly wasn’t really bad like you see in other parts of the country. But still. My viewpoint on Wednesday was that the police were not for us but weren’t against us either. That we were lucky as students that they would treat us nicely and focus on ensuring our safety as well as the safety of everyone out there by clearing the way for us and such. But not necessarily. They do have a job to try to stop these protests if possible. I suppose Wednesday, either they didn’t have the numbers or just didn’t want to actually try to stop us who were in Downtown Palo Alto.
I also had been wondering how the police found out about the protest, especially so fast. I saw a police motorcycle on Palm Dr before we had even reached the first intersection. I suppose there’s probably something pretty obvious about 400+ people gathering together in White Plaza. But at the same time, I almost feel like the police either had been tipped off by random people or by the organizers themselves. After hearing what happened with highway 101 and such, I almost feel like it wasn’t the organizers. In addition, I’ve heard that the identities of the organizers are being kept pretty secret. Sure, we got to see and hear their names on Wednesday, but when the leaders were decided whenever that was, it was a very secret thing. I guess it would be bad if the police were to find out who the organizers are in terms of stopping the protest before it can start. Also, the logistics and strategies of the protest are supposedly secret too. This is some serious business.
But successful business if I can say so. Beyond all of the media attention with good understandings of the motives and non-violent policies of the protesting, something came out today that signals, to me at least, that the protests have been pretty successful so far. The Vice Provost sent out an email. I was expecting this email to say something about wanting the protesting to stop. As in, as I started reading, I kept seeing each paragraph as the positive paragraph before a huge “but.” But it didn’t happen. And in fact, he expressed that he is proud of those actively expressing themselves. There was never a direction reference to the protests themselves, but it’s obvious that he is talking about that. And the rest of the email was all positive too, simply saying that it is our responsibility to be aware of these national issues and be informed and discuss, etc. All positive. Good job, Silicon Shutdown. BRAVO!
Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson
