Monday 17 November 2014
Dear Good Sir,
After attending the Rakuten information session this afternoon, I am totally sold on them and will focus my energies to getting to work for them next summer through the Kyoto Internship program. I already liked the international appeal to them which was definitely emphasized today. I didn’t realize just how global they are trying to go though. Apparently, a few years ago, they made English the company’s official language which was and certainly is a drastic measure they took. But it is starting to pay off for them as it is helping significantly with globalizing the company out of the country into the US and elsewhere.
I agree that they still have progress to make as I barely have heard of the country, especially in contention with companies like Amazon and such. But I also find it interesting that Rakuten seems to be entering tons and tons of areas outside of just a marketplace sort of thing like Amazon with banking, travel, securities, and even their own baseball team. I feel like this last part especially is totally unheard of as something for an American company to do. Google would be the closest I suppose with just tons and tons of things that Google is up to and entering though obviously no Google baseball team (yet?).
Something else that they emphasized which I appreciate is them expressing that the company is not all about making money, pointing to its goals to empower the world and also pointing that 3 of the 5 original founders are still a part of the company which I would say is a good thing to see. Though I guess at the same time, that’s also just a Japan sort of thing to do as in being very loyal to a company.
Due to its global ambitions, I’d say I’d also totally be interested in the company for after Stanford possibly. A company like this is just totally much more appealing to me than any general Bay Area company like Google or Facebook. Working for them just seems less appealing, but maybe it’s all the same outside of the location. It also depends on how I end up feeling about working for a big company vs working for a small company vs being independent. I guess another thing for Rakuten is that they were saying that working there almost feels like at times working for a small company sort of like a start-up just due to the vast range of areas that Rakuten is working in and constantly extending out newly to. 
While I won’t be applying to Rakuten through their regular application process and so going to this info session for that sense may not have been useful, but it certainly gave me lots to talk about on Thursday for my interview. I will be plugging hard for Rakuten.
Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson
