Friday 7 November 2014
Dear Good Sir,
Oh my. I cannot stand my n=1 sample analyses that I am ALWAYS doing. By this I mean drawing conclusions off of one thing happening rather than kind of noting something but deciding to gather more data or allow for more things to take place before making a more calculated analysis. I feel so quick to jump to conclusions which causes me to go from feeling one way about something to feeling another way about something very soon after.
To be more specific, I am referring to the way that earlier this week when I was trying to figure out when to have dinner with Crystal, when she said let’s decide later (it was more than that I suppose that I was fixating on but still), I was slightly using this as an n=1 sample to make analysis about where we were and such. I managed to revert all of that and it wasn’t a big deal I suppose by yesterday and into today, but at the same time, it’s just annoying to have myself doing that at all. To totally blow things out of proportion.
Then tonight, I had dinner with Crystal and am left in a “hmmmm” state after tonight. This time it isn’t as ridiculous I suppose in terms of blowing something out of proportion I had no right to blow out of proportion. I guess the initial cause of the way that I am feeling which is unrelated to all of this n=1 sample stuff, is a bit helpless. Crystal is going through tough times with premed stuff right now which was coming out a lot tonight. And like I often am, I was at a loss for words. What bothers me even more is that I REALLY want to help. To solve her problems. But it’s so hard for me to accept that it’s not that simple. I can’t just solve her problems or anyone else’s problem with the snap of my finger. But it’s also, my seemingly inability to find a way to put a smile back on her face. And not necessarily because she was resisting such a thing but that I just couldn’t think of a way. I guess I am being a bit hard on myself but it is just frustrating.
So, after a throwback late night trip with Gina, I am a little less concerned or preoccupied, I suppose, with the whole n=1 sample stuff. More so, what’s on my mind is Crystal and everything more related to her. The throwback part comes in the sense of hanging out with Gina and having good, personal discussions with her, which often occurred at late night in the past though certainly not exclusively.
Anyway, eventually, I started off asking her the question, what is your opinion on dating close friends which required some more context before long which I just went out started telling her about Crystal and I. I guess I was already sort of thinking about telling Gina about all of this, but it wasn’t until then that I just went ahead and did so. I think I feel comfortable telling Gina, not just because I trust her, but also because she is more of a third party then someone that knows Crystal well and i.e. that there would be a higher chance of things somehow spreading. As you know, I’d really like to avoid things suddenly going somewhere because of something I technically started without my intention of having things going somewhere.
In talking to Gina, a lot of the worries that have been bothering me since the summer have come out. The absolute biggest thing stopping me from asking out Crystal right at this moment is certainly the fear of the risk of such a maneuver. By risk, I refer to things not working out and the negative utility that would come as a result of the original decision. One could be in the loss of our friendship or at least loss of what and where it is right now. Which is a serious consequence and worry for me. The other huge worry in terms of risk is of hurting her. I don’t think I could forgive myself for breaking her little heart. I’m not so worried about that in terms of if she likes me now and decide not to do anything since I know better now from the whole Amanda thing in that dragging out deciding to turn away only increases the pain that you end up causing.
What’s interesting regarding this, which was realized talking to Gina by her, is that both of my previous relationships did not have this risk involved at all. It was more the other alternative of dating a close friend of dating someone you either just met or don’t know very well which in both cases was basically the just met sort of thing. I’ve never actually had the experience from the side of exploring down the tree of dating a close friend. I’ve certainly considered such things in the past, but never have I braved exploring down that path.
Then, there’s the selfish worries of wondering if there is someone better for me, confounded even more by wondering if there’s a higher likelihood of that happening while abroad in the spring/summer whether nihonjin or not. Or meeting someone on campus. Or after college. Or just in general. I don’t know. Then I wonder what would it even take for me to not have this sort of worry in terms of wondering if there’s someone better. Because this is exactly one of the things that I was worrying about during the Amanda stuff.
Then there are worries of whether we are compatible in terms of personality and such but also in terms of future. Again something I was thinking about during the Amanda stuff, I feel like it is likely that I might spent some time either in Japan or just abroad in general after graduation which I don’t know how that lines up with Crystal or anyone for that matter unless I found someone that actually wanted to do the same thing. Crystal did say that she wanted to take a gap year and travel before going to med school, so maybe slightly?
I think those are the main big areas of worry. When it comes down to it, I almost feel like it just makes tons of sense to just date “randos”, as Gina and I were putting it, than take the risk of dating a close friend. I just don’t feel like the potential negative utility in risk that could come out of that outweighs the potential positive utility. Especially when I am not really sure that the potential positive utility of dating a close friend is necessarily even higher than dating a rando. If it’s not then why deal with that risk when the other alternative is there?
And finally, something else that occurred to me earlier, which I think has occurred to me before, is that I certainly have an issue with coming to like close friends. What happened to the Maddi’s of the world? I wouldn’t even throw Gina into that category. Maddi and, maybe Quameeha, are part of the small minority of girls that I liked before having any real idea if they liked me or without really factoring in at least whether they liked me. I just liked them because I liked them. It was THAT simple. Why can’t I be that way anymore? I am WAY too caught up in factoring in whether a girl likes me in deciding if I like her or at least in deciding whether to action, etc. 
LET’S LISTEN TO GINA! Let’s be my own agent in my life! Let’s make my own decisions! Let ME decide who I like. Let it have NOTHING to do with whether I think someone likes me or not. YEAH (if only it was that simple?) (or is it actually that simple, and I just don’t know?).
(As an extra extra note, as in each of these double space breaks means there was time between writing) I think my factoring in whether a girl likes me into whether I like her or my deciding whether to action has a lot to do with my risk-aversive nature. This risk-aversive nature can also be easily seen by the huge numbers of the absolute value of the negative utility I set to the potential risks to things. I am very much a worst case scenario type of person. Not that I am necessarily pessimistic and always expecting the worst case to happen, but more so, in my decision making and such, I am always being very very wary of the worst case scenario and giving huge weight to that factor in the actual decision calculation.
Perhaps, I should take some lessons from things I’ve heard over time, even through AI class, in that I should go for failing early and fast and embracing failures as a way to get great feedback to reincorporate into my decision functions and be even better as a result. As in, maybe I should just throw away my worries with all of the risks. Maybe I should just go for it and see what happens. And if it crashes and burns or some subset of that, then so what. That’s just something I have to live and accept.
But MAN, it’s easy to type that but SO hard to accept such a mindset. I feel irresponsible and not taking into account other people in such a mindset. It just seems totally focused on me versus factoring on how my decisions might affect others. Which just brings me back to my worst case scenario thinking. I think. Perhaps, I am making a big leap there. Perhaps, I can move closer to that other extreme of a mindset without going all the way there and still factor in others but in such a way that it is not completely overweighing everything else in the decision.
Obviously, more pondering to do in the future. While I thought that I was moving closer to the decision of not taking action regarding Crystal, I am not so sure anymore after talking to Gina and journaling. So I will continue on in this complicated decision making process. It’s all good. It is a tough choice (ne, kana?).
Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson
