Wednesday 12 November 2014
Dear Good Sir,
The questions of when and where for Friday are now answered. I did a big location brainstorm this afternoon followed by some thought over what an ideal location entails. After some thinking, I realized that it’s not just privacy I am looking for, but really feeling that no one can hear me. I realized that secluded spots with lots of trees around aren’t necessarily the most ideal in the sense that it’s just hard to tell if someone is around necessarily. It’s not a big deal either way, but in terms of most ideal, I just mean that this isn’t the most ideal even if the place is necessarily secluded.
Instead, I realized that the most ideal would be somewhere that I KNOW no one can hear us. Which seems non-existent, right? Maybe, but I think I might have found one of the closest things. During my brainstorm, I was literally just typing down every spot that came to mind with very minimal filtering besides for spots that I deemed immediately would not pass my requirements for feeling comfortable. But even with that, there was very small amounts of filtering. One of the places that I thought of was in the middle of Lake Lag. I was just trying to be more specific instead of just saying Lake Lag and wrote that more jokingly.
But after some thought of what would be ideal, it suddenly starting occurring to me that the middle of Lake Lag actually might not be that bad of an idea. Sure, it’s very visible meaning we wouldn’t have privacy in that sense, but in terms of sound, it might be a great spot as I’d be able to know for sure that no one is around and I don’t feel like sound travels that well around the lake per se especially if we are just speaking to each other which doesn’t require much volume. And when it comes down to it, the visibility is not really a bad thing in that I’d feel more comfortable taking her there and all.
I decided to scout out the spot in addition to seeing how lighting would be in the afternoon. For some reason, today, I saw more than one group of people walk down in the “lake” part which doesn’t always happen. And each small group or one person seemed to be completely independent. It almost seemed to be the universe helping me feel comfortable going down there myself which I eventually did. I was having trouble feeling comfortable due to my LNT morals which seem to be hammered in me a bit well at this point. Once I got down there though, wow, what a wonderful idea. This is even more ideal than I was thinking. And I got to even gather some data on volume and how sound travels when a group of people passed by me walking through the middle of the lake and observing that I could not hear them after they got a short distance away.
So, the current plan right now is to meet Crystal at FloMo around 4 then walk over to the lake. I think I’ll just tell her beforehand that I’d like to talk outside somewhere and just leave it at that. Lake Lag is just down the street from FloMo, so it won’t even take long to get there. Good thinking, bro! At this point, the only things left would be to answer the question of how, I guess, or in what way (as in with a question?). And I guess thinking about dinner too, but that can also be something that we decide together at the time since that is susceptible to how things go a bit, but going out will certainly be a possibility. I believe in you, bro!
Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson
