Monday 8 December 2014
Dear Good Sir,
Oh my. So much on my mind. I don’t know where to begin besides with stating that there’s so much on my mind. I guess I should go in order. Like usual…
So as you know, I’ve been looking forward to today for the past few days because of something in particular: a meal with Ms. Chelsea Green. Which turned out to be dinner. I was worrying all day (literally) whether this would happen at all. And, something that I’ll be coming back to later in the journal for a particular reason, I was even thinking about this encounter last night a lot while I was having trouble sleeping, in terms of planning ahead and planning the email to send her this morning. This is part of the reason why I was worrying all day whether it would happen, because of email. Use Facebook or in person in the future PLEASE gah. I sent her a message this morning after my exam saying let’s just do dinner since she hadn’t responded to the message a few days ago. But she didn’t respond to this one, so I wasn’t sure. If I had just used Facebook, I would have seen that she read the message and BAM, no worrying (outside of the numerous ways that my mind always finds ways often, unfortunately).
But yes. It happened. I had dinner tonight with Chelsea. And wow. It went so many ways that I just wasn’t expecting. At all! PLOT TWISTS ALL AROUND. Kinda. Uh. I already did some listing out earlier of things that I learned about her which can be attached to this specific journal, so I don’t feel compelled to write it all out in prose form. Instead I’ll just focus on things that I want to focus on (duh?). I think I am just avoiding jumping in. Or I don’t know where to begin.
Well first of all, Chelsea is really awesome, and I am quite surprised by how much we have in common. It’s mainly two things that we share, but two big things. The first is that we both were raised just by our moms and come from low income backgrounds. I group those two things together since I feel like the former unfortunately makes it easier for the latter to happen. In fact, the way that Chelsea and I originally met is actually through Questbridge. Perhaps, I did see her again at the CDC or whatever, but Questbridge was that initial connection and one that still connects us strongly now.
The second thing is that we are both multiracial. After some initial talking, we went into talking about ourselves, her going second. In her’s she mentioned without me asking (as I totally was planning to ask) that she’s multiracial, her mother half black and her father white. I immediately responded that I am too, and TOTALLY identified with her complaints of people always saying that she’s racially ambiguous. She also seems to greatly care for black blood and perhaps even put it above the rest of her blood, like I do. 
Later on, she asked me if I am active with the black community or not. With some difficulty, I tried to explain how I haven’t been for reasons hard to explain, but that I really want to, a realization that I came to just this quarter. She feels the same way, and in fact, after hearing her explanation of why she has had trouble trying to fit in, I realize I’ve basically had the same trouble. Basically, she feels uncomfortable often because she doesn’t completely look black to everyone, so she feels left out and such. I feel a similar way though I’d say it’s more so that I often don’t feel “black” enough as in more so looking at who I am and my behavior and such more so than what I look like, but that factors in a little bit. She mentioned how they have weekly meetings, so that may be an avenue in which we can enter.
We also have our differences though which is certainly a good thing. Something else she mentioned about herself earlier on is that she is Christian, having become Christian while at Stanford, and the Chi Alpha group is something that is a big part of her life here. Also, after working there in the summer, she goes to the Tenderloin (an area in SF almost comparable to East Palo Alto in terms of EPA’s relationship with neighboring Palo Alto) to do ministry every Sunday. 
Her religiousness is one of the bigger things that has caused a lot to be on my mind right now. Towards the end of our meal, I decided to broach mentioning my religious views to be transparent (and why would I feel the need to be transparent...hmm…). I mentioned how I totally identify with what she described her views before she became Christian, as the believing in everything sort of thing. I mentioned how I was really this way in high school and such despite my Christian upbringing, but that since I’ve been at Stanford, I’ve sort of just stayed in and out of this state, but not really thinking about religion and my views and such since I’ve been here. But that it’s something else besides my racial identity that I’d like to explore before I leave.
So she said she would also send me emails about Chi Alpha/invited me to that. Which starts to lead towards what’s on my mind. I feel like part of my motivation for parts of the things that I brought up during our meal was almost as selling myself to her. Especially the “my” religious views part. But I’m getting ahead of myself now. I think it was growing during the meal itself, but once we left, my mind started exploding about her as I went back. I was so totally wanting to jump on board with liking her. But at the same time, I felt a part of me pushing away from this. Which is part of what’s still going through me right now.
Part of me wants to call her “the girl of my dreams” or “the girl that I’ve been waiting forever to meet”, etc etc. Part of what is pushing at me to not feel this way (there’s another part of me pushing but that’s for another reason, and I’ll get to that in a bit) is her Christian identity. Why? I think something along the lines of feeling that this makes me not eligible for her or something. Because I don’t see myself ever really living and breathing being religious or Christian more specifically.
But that is totally ridiculous as I don’t think I’d have to be Christian to be with her. Beyond that, I also think it’s unfair to yourself to not give yourself a chance with Christianity. One thing that I REALLY want to avoid, just to be clear, is deciding to become Christian on a whim for her. No. In fact, I will say right here and right now, I will do no such thing no matter what. If I am to become Christian, or any religion for that matter, I will do it independently from my OWN desire and for nobody else.
I would totally try to call you out on that, as in what the heck, you weren’t even thinking about any of this until she showed up, but that’s not totally true. As I mentioned before, in addition to my racial identity, my religious/spiritual views are something else that I have been avoiding all of these years and something that I really need to sit down and think about and just explore soon. It’s not that she put this need to rethink my religious/spiritual views there, but that she finally gave me a reason to actually consider doing it instead of continuing to avoid it.
Another reason that I know it’s something that was already there and not something that I am putting here because I want to jump on the boat of liking her, is because of what I did last night (and for other reasons, the night before). I prayed to Lord God. What the heck? Believe me, I haven’t been normally doing that. In fact, this was TOTALLY and COMPLETELY out of the blue to some extent. It was my desperation over really wanting the dinner with Chelsea to happen that contributed to it happening at all.
What’s striking to me though and what makes me want to really take some time very soon to think about my religious/spiritual views is that I started praying last night randomly then what happened today. I “met” Chelsea, someone who, I had ABSOLUTELY no idea beforehand, is very religious after becoming so here at Stanford. And believe me, I really didn’t know. When she started talking about, I literally was surprised. But think about it, what are the chances of this all happening? It almost feels like the Universe or God, I suppose, trying to say something to me. It’s the sort of thing that even if you put Chelsea out of the equation, I think I’d go through with exploring my religious/spiritual identity anyway. It’s a thing that makes me totally want to jump on the boat of trying out religion again.
But Chelsea is in the equation (well not really, at least in the sense that my religious/spiritual views or decisions regarding them, at least, are independent from her and others). And I’ll be frank. I REALLY want to like her. And a lot. As I was saying before, her very existence screams at me, divine love, or something like that. She just seems like “(the) one” (with the the in parentheses because I don’t necessarily believe in just one divine love for any individual, but several potentials, but that’s another journal for another day).
I do know for sure right now though that it’s that I want to like her. Not that I want to like that I think she might like me, though there is a little bit of that, but I cannot at all be certain of that being the case anyway. But how do I know? Because of something I stupidly termed the Maddi effect (let’s not keep that term). By that I just mean the fact that I was getting extremely nervous today before dinner and could notice that nervousness during the meal (like my hands wanting to shake as I tried to eat with chopsticks) though I was doing a good job of keeping it under control.
(Addendum which I am pointing out because I feel that I should point out that this is being added in a day later) In terms of the little bit of I wanting to like that I think she might like me: my few suspicions for why I think she might like me is her always happily approaching me whenever we happen upon each other (which has happened quite a lot this quarter, come to think of it). In addition, part of it is tonight and how she was behaving and her expressions and her laughter and certain things she said and I don’t know. Also, she was dressed mighty fine. And in such a way that I am not sure I’ve seen her like in any of the random encounters, which makes me think, is this for me? But I also have no way of really knowing if any of this means anything. Especially since she seems like the very friendly, social type. Also, as you know, I have quite the tendency to over-analyze things. So who knows, yo?
What’s that other thing that’s making me hold off though? Because I already pushed the religion stuff out of the door in terms of being an issue, so it’s not that anymore. It’s that I don’t want to have suffer is why. I don’t want to lose myself to her right now. Because, outside of perhaps a random encounter, I probably won’t see her for a month. Furthermore, I won’t be able to do anything in terms of taking action for a month, but probably even longer than that. I don’t want to suffer in that, yo. Don’t make me. Please. Control yourself. Be patient. Wait. Don’t fall for her completely just yet if at all.
My proposition to you, which I have to thank you for waiting for since I’ve been telling you the past hour to just wait until the end of the journal, is this: Give it a month. Let’s just keep her in the zone of potentials for now. And wait. Let’s wait until the very end of the break to even think about anything related to taking action. This will spare you from suffering right now in addition to allowing yourself some time to be sure that this isn’t a fluke and that you aren’t tricking yourself here about her.
Instead, let’s do some deep thinking this break about my religious and spiritual views in addition to myself as a whole. As I discovered a few hours ago, I apparently ordered What Dreams May Come. Yeah. How the hell did I forget about that? So let’s read that and use that as a starting point to launch the deep thinking, since that’s the origin and source of my current views. So it’ll be good to go back and see where that book sits with you right now to try to figure out where you are. From there, we can figure out later.
So you got that, bro? WAIT FOR NOW, PLEASE. Do it for me. This is my request.
Thank you God, Universe, Higher Power, etc.
Marcus Francium Jackson
P.S., Notes on Chelsea:
Poli sci, interest in international security
Studies Portuguese, wants to go to Brazil
Going to Stanford in Washington in spring
Raised by mom, single mother household
Cool with her dad now tho
Lots of step-siblings, close with her older step-sister (10 years apart or so)
Also low income background, first gen
Questbridge scholar too
From LA
Has family in new york and new jersey
Says she likes hiking
Multiracial, black/white
Has had trouble fitting in with blacks because people don’t tend to think that she’s black
Wants to become more involved with black community at Stanford
Became a Christian at Stanford, active with chi alpha which is a big group for her
After working in the Tenderloin (similar to East Palo Alto in some ways in SF) during the summer in ministry, she continues to go there every Sunday for ministry
