Tuesday 20 January 2015
Dear Good Sir,
If I could translate the sigh I just made into more expressible words than just *sigh*, I would. I’m not doing so well right now, bro. Times are really tough. With a quarter that was already somewhat rocky from the start, yesterday just practically shattered it to pieces. I’m doing my best to put the pieces back together into a semi-recognizable state, but it’s really hard. 
I’m still working to process yesterday in its entirety. So much happened that it’s just hard to try to mentally process it all so quickly. I really need some more time before I’m ready, even to write to you about it, honestly. I was WAY too hasty in sending that email out to my family. Yes, they should know what happened, but I’m really just not ready to handle all of the worry and questions and upset that might come. It would just be way too much for me at a time when I’m hardly making it to begin with.
One thing that I’ve been facing today, which is different than what I was primarily facing last night (handling those traumatic moments) (not to say that I have handled them or processed them, but I managed to push them aside temporarily to deal with later), is fear. Not so much of what will happen to me and everyone though I am worried about that. More so, I’m worried about telling people, whether family, friends, strangers, etc. I guess to some extent I don’t necessarily have to tell people. But there are some that already know or that I feel that I must.
What I’m really afraid of is the negative responses I may receive. I’m already aware of a lot of the negative opinions people have about what we did. And I’ve heard of “friends” expressing this disapproval to friends of theirs that were involved. But it just seems so unfair. Those with negative opinions just don’t know what we, the 68 (+), went through. And while I can’t necessarily expect them to even be able to imagine, at the same time, it just seems inconsiderate and wrong for people to be expressing their disapproval over our actions when we’re still trying to process and deal with what happened ourselves. This is already hard enough without people making it THAT much harder.
I do appreciate those that do recognize and appreciate the actions that we took though. While it may feel very few at times, the support that these people provide is immense. Take, Shell’s text today. While a seemingly small gesture, it came at a time that I just really needed it. Those reminders that people do care and appreciate what we did and that we did make a difference. Those reminders are REAL.
Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson
