Friday 30 January 2015
Dear Good Sir,
Today brought up some deliberations on my part again about something that I wrote about during the first week of this quarter. About the influence that females have over me and how I want to end this. On the Wednesday of the first week of this quarter, I wrote a long journal including my thoughts on this and how I had decided to give up expressing how I feel and pursuing females in general. Partly for the mental strain that this pursuing process can cause me. Partly to help destroy this influence that has been there for so long. And partly to help cultivate a focus on male friendships instead.
I certainly still agree with what you were determined to make those changes for. But the way that I was going about it before was a bit extreme in my opinion. Which would explain how easily it was uplifted the next day when I saw Chelsea and my whole world was flipped.
I definitely agree with the focus on growing platonic friendships with females from the very start and on focusing on male friendships and on removing that influence and not being victim to the mental strain in the pursuing process. But honestly, I think all of this can be achieved without giving up your desire to express feelings to a girl that you like.
I’ve already seen a lot of this happening since the protest when my perspective on life shifted. In fact, this was a lot of what I needed. This perspective shift really brought on a squashing of the mental strain on all of the things that I suddenly began seeing as trivial, at least compared to the protest. In other words, I don’t really see mental strain being a problem too much now in the courting process. Take Wednesday night. While I’m not sure where I am right now in terms of how I feel about Chelsea (in fact, I am QUITE confused, especially today), I definitely still have some feelings for her. Yet, having dinner with her that night, I faced an absolute zero of the worry and anxiety that I felt in the past. And believe me, I wouldn’t just lose something like that ordinarily so easily. It’s more so that I just don’t see the need for that kind of worry and anxiety over something so little. 
After today though, I definitely need to redouble my efforts on the focuses part of what I want to implement in change. I found myself trying to bring a third person into the mix of already confusing two. Just no. Let’s drop it all to be honest. Let’s not “pursue” anyone. Instead, let’s just work on cultivating wonderful platonic friendships with all. And if you reach a point that you really feel that you like someone, then great. And go act on it. It’s fine. If it doesn’t work out then that’s okay. If it does, then great. 
No mental strain. No influence from females, More meaningful male friendships. Wins across the board. It’ll take some work, but I know you can do it. In all honesty, I think it all starts from shifting your mindset to minimize the influence and focus on friendships with bros.
Now, as for Mina and Chelsea stuff. That’s a bit more complicated. My advice is what I’ve been telling you for awhile now. Don’t concern yourself about it right now. Do what I said in the previous paragraphs and consider and think about it more in the fall. Hopefully by then, things will be a bit more clear. Remember the sign associated with each of them. Keep it in the back of your mind. But take the signs as a grain of salt for now. There will come a time when it’s time for you to really think long and hard about how you really feel and whether you want to take action. Now’s not that time.
Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson
