Monday 5 January 2015
Dear Good Sir,
I spent a lot of time working on the SOOP website through Weebly today. I have been surprised by how easy the process is with Weebly. Now seeing this, I feel inspired to go help Ma make her own site since I think that could be a huge step of progress for her and actually really help her get going with making art regularly and enough of it to be able to support herself better as a result. I don’t know if it’ll actually bring such good results, but nonetheless, I think it’s certainly worth the effort and worth trying. 
I’m totally willing to help her with the creation process and such, but I feel like it would a bit easier for her to get the end result that she wants by sitting down and doing a lot of the website design parts herself. It would certainly be easier than me trying to keep trying different things and such. And Weebly seems simple enough that I think she’d be able to get it pretty easily. I will try to get this process going soon!
As you know, I started reading What Dreams May Come again last week. Since I have made some good progress as this point, I’d like to do some journaling about my impressions so far. First of all, despite having read this book before, I am stricken by how fascinating and absorbing this book is. I cannot seem to get enough of it. I almost feel like I’m gonna want to read it again after I finish it; which would also help with really knowing the material anyway.
Another thing that I should say is that, honestly, when it comes down to it, I think I still believe every bit of what I’m reading. It just seems to make sense and click for me. In such a way that I truly wonder, how else could things be? What else could there be after death (if anything)? I don’t know if it’s the appeal of the story or if it’s just that it really makes sense. I think a big part of it for me is all of the metaphysical and dream related stuff that I did and learned about years ago which have a lot of parts that just seem to align with what I find in What Dreams May Come. It’s the sort of thing that I feel like probably lies within the patterns that Richard Matheson probably found in all of the books he read in preparation for the book.
I don’t know if it just didn’t stick with me very well last time or what, but something that I am noticing and picking up on right now as I am reading is all of the details about Summerland itself. One big thing that I am realizing right now that I don’t feel like really clicked with me in the past is that Summerland isn’t necessarily “heaven” in the same sense of the word. In that, I mean that it’s not the end, the final step of the journey. Instead, Summerland seems to just be a part 2 of sorts in the journey of life.
I am really picking this up from noticing all of the hints at the lack of “perfectness” that is always associated with heaven. I haven’t quite gotten to the parts of the book about all of the lower frequency realms and such, but it seems like there are a lot of people that don’t go to Summerland, possibly for quite awhile. But even with the people that do, they still have to deal with all of the same problems, mental-wise at least, that they were dealing with on Earth. In a lot of ways, Summerland just seems like a purgatory of sorts as you continue on with life, just in a completely mental-based place, slowly moving towards an enlightenment of sorts, which could be said the same about life on Earth. Basically I’m saying that the purpose of life on both Earth and Summerland seems to be the same. So Summerland is just simply a continuation, just under completely different conditions based on a completely mental landscape.
More on the wonderful What Dreams May Come again soon!
Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson
