Saturday 24 January 2015
Dear Good Sir,
I don’t have a lot to write about today, at least that’s specific to today, so I’m gonna pool at my list of things I didn’t get to writing about in the past. One thing, which I suppose is slightly relevant still today, but that I’m sort of uncomfortable thinking about let alone writing about is regarding a certain someone. A someone who happens to be only several feet from me as of typing this right now. Her name would be Mina.
Last weekend, sort of around this time, though more so around Sunday, is when what’s on my mind started coming up. Looking back to last Sunday’s journal, I totally evaded talking about it then. And I sort of want to continue evading it now, but I feel like I should probably write about it eventually.
You can probably see where this is going, though I want to point out that it wasn’t something I did that caused these thoughts to occur. In fact, if I remember correctly, I remember on Sunday reminding myself of a promise I made to myself at some point in the past two years, to never go down this route in thinking. To respect myself and her, and not do that. To be honest, back on Sunday and even now, I cannot quite remember if I ever even made such a promise at some point in the past two years. As much as I want to avoid going down this thought avenue, part of me kind of hopes that I didn’t make this promise.
If I did make such a promise, then I’m not sure how long I intended to keep it or if I just meant forever or what. It’s kind of dumb for me to be even thinking about this, especially since it’s just a promise that I would have been making just with myself and all. Not that I’m about breaking promises to myself or anything, but still. 
It’s funny looking back at last week’s journal and seeing that I hinted at something being up at the very beginning then by the end of the journal, not ever going back to it, at all. In other words, I should recount things now as I didn’t recount them then at all.
I guess to stop beating around the bush though, what caused these thoughts to appear and this remembrance of a promise made or maybe not made, is something that happened last Sunday night right after the protest at the movie theatre.
Man, this is hard to write about at all, and that last line was totally a repeat. Normally, I’d not even stop to note things like this, but you have to understand the amount of hesitation that’s going on right now. I guess part of it is that she’s sitting right there, but still.
Essentially, as I mentioned in the journal last week, there was a lady that approached us at the movie theatre as we were all debriefing outside after the demonstration who started talking at us about what we were doing and such. And what she was saying was, ok whatever, at first, but then she started saying some things that just were not okay. Which ticked me off. And ticked a lot of others off. But it really upset Mina. To the point of crying, later on after the lady had left.
Several of us stepped into comfort and console, and she seemed better as we finished the debrief and all parted ways to head home. But as we walked towards Alex’s car, Mina and I were walking behind them together. And suddenly, I felt my hand being grabbed by Mina’s. Surprise took me significantly, but I just went along with it. I knew she needed the support right then and that it likely wasn’t anything more than that. My defences started kicking in at least certainly along that interpretation.
But then, when I thought it was over after getting in the car, as we pulled off, my hand was grabbed again. It’s funny, I remember after getting in, I had a moment of thought of, hmm what should I do with my hand now? After a moment of messing with my phone or something, I “naturally” laid my right hand back down by my side. Then, within moments that’s when it happened again. And let me be more clear as I don’t think my rhetoric has made it clear: I enjoyed it. It was comforting for me too. Supporting a friend is nice and so is a friend supporting you.
And I remember fighting and fighting those thoughts that I referenced at the beginning. But that part of me that I tried (or maybe didn’t try) to repress at some point in the past two years, wasn’t gonna have any of that. It crept up and made me start wondering. And there was something else that, at least at the time, made me even more confused. She turned to me at some point during the car ride back and asked me if I was going to be busy tonight after the action training, as otherwise we should talk and drink tea. And while I knew that she probably just wanted to talk about the demonstration and all, that small part of me which has been terrorizing me for years and years in this sort of way (i.e. not specifically to her), made me wonder.
You should also understand the context of all of this, which is another reason that it bothers me that that small part of me was doing that wondering and why I’m trying to avoid this wondering at all. First of all, there’s all the Chelsea stuff. Though if I remember correctly last Saturday, (MAN, that’s feels like weeks ago after this week), I was reaching a point of not knowing too sure what I wanted to do regarding Chelsea. But that doesn’t put me off the hook
Then, there’s all of Mina’s stuff with Dan that’s going on with the “deadline” of sorts. And now, as in some time passed before I continued writing right now, I just talked to Mina again about Dan stuff. And now I feel dumb and naive for the wondering and for what I was just writing earlier. I just feel like I have no right to be feeling this way or to be imposing in on what’s going on in her life.
Though I guess that’s unfair to me. I’ve reached the point now of wanting to re-implement (or implement for the first time) that promise I made, but at the same time, it’s unfair for me to push aside the way you were feeling. There’s nothing wrong with the way you felt. It happens. You’re human. I understand the perspective that you see now and respect that, but don’t put down the way you feel. Your feelings are as real as anyone else’s and you shouldn’t feel that you’re wrong for having them.
But, that being said, going back to the promise thing, I think at this point, I don’t need to promise myself anything. I wanna do this because I want to do this. Because I care about her. And that’s all that really matters. So yeah. That’s the end of this. Yeah. Mhm…
But you should really listen to me. Because I can feel you still doing what you always have done: keeping that SMALL, tiny piece of hope. Yeah, I see you. Don’t try to hide it. Just let it go. Like you’ve done with Gina. What you have right now is much better. Kay. Good talk.
Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson
