Monday 12 January 2015
Dear Good Sir,
Dude, bro. These “butterflies”, as some would put it, are driving me nuts. It hit me like an hour ago, and I still have an hour and a half until dinner. I understand your nervousness, but come on now. You gotta tone this down, yo. I don’t want to go into the dinner like this. Let’s calm it down, so we can be, aware of the way my body is feeling, but without being in such discomfort as a result. I guess it’s not that bad, but it certainly doesn’t help. And if my stomach is like this then imagine how my shaking is gonna be. Let’s calm down.
There were a few things that I said that I would table until this afternoon to discuss as they pertain more to today and I didn’t have a lot of time yesterday. Most of it falls in the boat of planning, to some extent at least. The most important of which to discuss would be about what exactly I want to impart to her today and whether wording is an issue at all. 
In terms of what I want to impart, I mean, from a big picture sort of perspective, what do I want her to know after today. Assuming that I feel the inspiration to tell her this today, etc. I would say that I want her to know for sure, as in without doubt, that I like her and that I am interested in dating. Now, there’s a lot of different wordings for these things in addition to phrases that aren’t as direct, but could impart what I want.
The question, then, is whether I see wording as an issue in terms of worrying about how that might affect the way she responds, in addition to, in terms of whether the wording is clear. In terms of wording, in all honesty, I don’t think it makes too much a different. Sure, there are some small differences, but most things that I would consider saying likely impart the same idea. 
In all honesty, I think it’s the mood and atmosphere that’s more important. I would imagine that even with subtle wordings, you’d still not want to say something within the environment of the dining hall. It just wouldn’t come off right, on top of just not being comfortable. And the alternative, since I don’t really see anything else, which is going outside, I think would simply work to make just about any wording impart the same sort of idea due to the mood and atmosphere that sitting/standing outside alone together brings. Regarding wording being an issue for how she responds, I don’t really think it would make a difference, as long as you avoid words like “L word”, which I already know you personally are avoiding anyway. 
So, the takeaway here is don’t worry too much about the wording. Sure, let’s have some general wording in mind, but also let your spontaneous muscles go into action. If you’re comfortable with that. And remember. Execution is key. I don’t mean performance per se here, but more so, acting upon your inspiration without hesitation. Don’t hesitate and hesitate. Just do it. If you wait, then the moment may be gone. Remember, I’m good with finding the right moment to act. But moments are short, so keep that in mind.
To some extent, right now at least, I feel that I want to keep things on the subtle side, just so I can test the waters for now. Maybe, “you know, I’d be happy if I got to see you more often” or something along those lines. Something that imparts that seeing her makes me happy and imparts that I want to see her more frequently, and something that could be interpreted indirectly that I like her. In fact, I feel like I’d even be comfortable saying this in the dining hall.
I think the ideal line of events would be saying something like that, to help lead into seeing her more often, and in seeing her at a different time of the week when school isn’t so much in the way i.e. the weekend more so. I have WROLC this weekend unfortunately, but maybe for Sunday? Except, I don’t know when we’re getting back, so I don’t necessarily want to count on that. Even Thursday maybe? I’ll think over this more.
I want to also do some general conversation topic and things I want to learn and ask about brainstorming, so this will be it for now. As you can surmise though, I’ll probably be writing more tonight. Wish me luck.
----------
I’m back and am requiring some journaling. I think I’m onto something real important here with seeing how I’m feeling right now. Onto something BIG. Something that if I can address, might radically change me. There’s a sense of disappointment that I’m feeling. Which may not sound good with what you know I just came back from. But here lies the thing with which I need to address. This disappointment I feel. It’s unwarranted, placed there by myself and myself alone. There was absolutely NO real world trigger to cause the disappointment I am feeling right now. Or was feeling.
By no real world trigger, I mean that nothing happened that should cause me disappointment. No being turned down or anything. None of that at all happened. It’s simply that my mind was trying to create reason to feel disappointed. All because based on my mind’s non-conscious analysis, it didn’t feel good about the Chelsea situation.
But when I consciously think about it, I feel a thought of what the heck, what am I feeling disappointed about? I think this disappointment comes as a result of one, a very bad mental process that has been plaguing me since some time after junior year of high school, and two, tonight going differently than my mind expected or anticipated it going. This bad mental process is what I refer to as the thing to address. This process has also been the source for nearly all of my crushes in the past after Maddi. Essentially, it’s the process of liking someone because I think they like me.
A process that I have been trying to address recently actually. And I caught it REAL hard tonight, and I’m ready to do a lot to help break it down now that I see a tangible way to do so. Essentially, I just came back from dinner with my mind feeling that it didn’t see enough reason to believe that Chelsea is actually interested in me. Which first of all, I don’t really see how it was getting that, but I’ll come back to that in a moment. Due to it not seeing this, this was leading me to feeling disappointment. But beyond that, which is the kicker and what REALLY has me inspired to address this process, is that it was almost even turning me away from being interested in her. RIDICULOUS.
I think my habit in the past at this point has always been to lose interest if my mind reached this point. Perhaps, sometimes, I’d find a reason to believe again and then my interest would come back as a result. RIDICULOUS. What’s the point in liking someone if you’re gonna let your interest change on and off like that so easily? I won’t allow this to go on. I must change. I must take a step forward.
My intended method of making change is by working against the process by continuing to like Chelsea, but for my own reasons, pushing away what the process has always been doing. I like Chelsea because I like Chelsea, not because my mind thinks that she likes me. That is not a legitimate reason in my book to like someone. Sorry, mind.
As I look at this process that I am working against right now, I honestly don’t really know how I managed to like Maddi for as long as I did. I feel like I’m working against years of a really bad habit. In all honesty, I think this process didn’t really start until after I let go of my periodic restarting of liking her. Probably a good part because of all of these years of liking her and not receiving the reciprocation (not like I even ever told her either though, so why would I have received that?).
Despite how tall of a process this is, I think I can change. And I think circumstances are even ripe for doing that which is key. I really have a lot of reasons to like Chelsea. And so I will. And I will continue this courting process too. I will drive it myself. I don’t need this old habit of a mental process to fuel me for it. I’ll let the courting process itself drive itself.
I guess to go back to the actual dinner though, it was nice. We talked about many a things and I feel like we both had a good time which is one of the goals, so that’s wonderful. She was voicing herself that I even sound like I want to switch to the Japanese major and off of the CS major. I still need to think about it though. We’ll see.
In terms of what my mind was using to create the disappointment, I think it lies somewhere within some false notions of thinking that dinner was going to go in such a way that I’d feel the in the moment-ness to tell her how I felt. Instead, I am definitely feeling that I should wait a little bit. At least until another dinner, but I definitely thought myself that tonight wouldn’t be a good idea. It just wasn’t the type of vibe to go that way. In all honesty, I feel like we need to get out of the dining hall for me to ever feel that spontaneity.
In fact, I feel like I may like to try that for another reason as well. Which goes back to my desire to let her know more subtly. I wanna tackle it from a perspective, asking her on a date. I’m not quite sure on the when/where of this or the when/where of actually asking her. That’s something to think about.
In terms of signs from her, there was nothing direct obviously, and I wasn’t really expecting anything direct, but she did even say herself of something along the lines of we should hang out more and if I ever wanna get dinner just let her know. And after going into the stuff of talking about how I want talk to a pastor and even try out Chi Alpha, she was expressing that I should let her know if I ever wanna talk about it. Again, nothing direct, but certainly reason for me to step up my active trying to see her.
My current potential plan of action would be to try to setup dinner for Thursday night. That depends highly on that she is free though. I sort of wanna wait until after Wednesday’s Chi Alpha meeting though at which I’ll see her. So, I’ll just have to bank on it for now I guess. Unfortunately, due to WROLC, I can’t try to setup anything for Friday or Saturday, and even Sunday’s a bit risky at this point, since I have no clue when we’re coming back. So, in terms of the “date” idea, I’ll have to keep thinking about a when for that. Maybe the Friday after this one?
All in all, tonight was a good continuation of what has started. I am going to be making even more of a concerted effort from here on, also to help create that change I talked about before. But also for her, of course! I can’t forget the center of where my attention and focus should be. Keep moving forward, yo!
Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson
