Thursday 19 February 2015
Dear Good Sir,
So some time last week, I had an experience that has left me in even more deep thought about relationships and such then even earlier in the quarter. It was a result of meeting another interesting girl. When it comes down to it though, it’s less about her and more about how I acted around here. 
Essentially, I went to late night with David and he invited a freshman from ASES named Divya. But the key thing here is the mood that I was in when we headed out for late night before she was even there or before I knew she was coming. I just wasn’t giving a crap at all. I’m not entirely sure why I was in this mood; maybe because I was looking forward to the future and didn’t feel like anything right now really mattered towards that, so I could get away with not caring for once instead of caring so much all the time.
So once Divya joined us, I was still being this way and as a result was really playing off of David more than I normally would around a stranger. But what made this so interesting was that she was playing off of it too which made me play off of her too and it just became an amazing experience where by the end, I felt that my true self was shining out when normally I am censoring it down so hard.
There was something in the interactions with her and David that was making me curious. Something with the interactions with her. Something that I’m not sure if I see in my interactions with Chelsea or Mina or any other girl for that matter. By that I mean, I feel there might be something more real in my interaction with Divya than in my interactions with other girls. More specifically, despite how comfortable in my skin that I have become around Mina and Chelsea and others, there’s still some amount of censoring that goes on.
At heart, I am a troll. I’ll do almost anything for the sake of humor. Except where censoring stops this. But when my true self shines through, like I think it did back that fateful night of late night, my true trolling self is cannot be stopped. And it’s a good thing when I look at it. I feel like I must be so fun when I’m like this. A certain fun-ness that is loss in the large to small amounts of censoring that I often am applying on myself, generally without consciously doing so either.
So this raises the question of whether there’s something in the interaction with Divya that is of some greater absolute value than the things that I might find valuable in dating others. Which is crazy when you think about how set I was on Chelsea. How much I thought that must be the perfect thing. Flags are suddenly thrown up. Maybe there’s something even better?
There are a few other issues though which jumping on this boat though either way, I don’t necessarily mean that I’d be interested in Divya per se. The biggest thing is that there was only one interaction. I am basing any and all of this on that one interaction. Maybe it’s all a fluke. Maybe I was just in a weird spot that night and acted that way. Maybe I wouldn’t act that way around her again or at least not immediately. Since my true trolling self does begin to show as I become comfortable around people.
Or maybe there’s something else. Either way, I am interested in gathering more info, or in other words, trying to hang out with her again. Which is honestly not that hard to make happen. Which goes into the fact that I feel like there’s some agency going on here somewhere within the interactions that I’ve had with her, with the one in-person experience, but also with all of the Facebook messaging we’ve done over the past week or so. I feel like something is up. Like people are up to something in the background. Specifically maybe David.
But at the same time, I tend to read into things too much so who knows. Regardless, I’m gonna focus on cultivating and keeping this potential wonderfulness in my true self shining with future interactions with Divya. And I will continue to ponder whether this potential “chemistry” is even more important than the “cosmicness” that I had been seeing with Chelsea. 
I also talked to Ray-Ray about it. He couldn’t give a definite answer, but raised the other side of the argument that I don’t feel like I had been considering much. That maybe it’s okay to act differently or censor yourself around some others. Many people do that. They act one way around one group of friends and another around others. I certainly do that.
Though my argument against that is that I feel like one’s true self shines in the same way in the interactions with each group of friends. While some things may change regarding your interaction with each group, there’s probably something innate that’s staying the same. So why not bring that innate, true thing out as much as possible in a romantic relationship? Or maybe that’s also not necessary. I don’t know. This is all confusing. Anyway, this doesn’t change much regarding my policies for the rest of the quarter. I’m coming to Kyoto, so starting something probably ain’t smart. Yo. So yeah. More another time.
Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson
