Saturday 28 February 2015
Dear Good Sir,
FUCK! Fuck! Ugh. This is probably one of the few times that you’ll catch me cursing in a journal. But I feel like that’s the only thing that can really capture my current state. I’ve good portions of today, but especially the past few hours, in a state of frustration leading to rage. And when I say rage, I mean BATTLE-READY RAGE. Normally I have my anger in check to the point that I just watch it as it takes place, but while it doesn’t necessarily go away, I don’t ever act out of it.
But, boy, did I act out of it tonight. Thankfully, I took smart precaution. The extent of my rage came to my attention after a moment when thought of flipping a table came to my mind then I suddenly found myself with my hands under the bottom of my desk and my arms exerting force to left it. Yeah.
I was a bit surprised at the time, so I didn’t really lift it too much. But whoa. It is not like me to lose control of my anger like that and move without intention. This coupled with the self threats that I started making made me reach a point of realizing I needed to do something and quick to release out this anger, in a safe way.
A few different forms of exercise came to my mind, but it didn’t take me long to settle on running, as I really just felt like sprinting crazily in my anger. So I changed and headed out. It suddenly occurred to me outside that I might cramp from having dinner only a few hours ago, but I didn’t care and went out. I decided to implement a mandatory 6-8 minute warm-up before I went crazy at it, so I wouldn’t injure myself. 
And went at it I did, after the warm-up. I had felt a slight hinting at a cramp coming earlier, but I really didn’t care as I had anger flowing through me, and in fact, I noticed after a few minutes of picking up the speed that cramp went away as if the anger kicked it out of the way. I took off sprinting crazily at first and for a few minutes, but decided to slow it down as even with anger, I knew I wouldn’t be able to hold this for too much longer. And I’d probably only get more frustrated if I had to stop running so early.
So yeah. I ran and ran with anger fueling me at a pretty speedy pace, raging at people I passed, at cars, at parties, at people polluting the air, etc. So much rage and anger. And when I got home, I was not too surprised to find that it wasn’t over yet. With the amount of anger I was feeling earlier, it isn’t too hard to imagine that a 30 minute run wouldn’t be enough to let all of that out so quickly. So I followed that very aggressive run with a very aggressive ab/arm workout. Essentially, sit-ups until I literally couldn’t do more, then some push-ups. 
Honestly, even this wasn’t quite enough. But I did start to reach the point here of adrenaline wearing off from stopping for long enough, so tiredness started to hit me. On top of that, I had had enough of standing there letting all of this happen, so I started taking an active part in ending this mandatory rage. Instead of forcing myself to be a certain way, I started just letting myself be however I wanted. If that’s angry, then I’d be angry. If that’s something else, then that something else. 
Which brings me to where about I am right now. Certainly not past the anger and frustration, but not allowing the downwardly spiraling process of getting angrier and angrier. 
You might ask at this point, what I was angry and frustrated about. Because somehow I’ve failed to mention it. And with that realization, I’d say that it probably doesn’t matter too much what caused it because there was probably more to this than just that. But what instigated today was certainly a big contributor, nonetheless: CS110. The bane of my existence at the moment. 
I had an assignment due last night that I basically only got to start working on yesterday. Which led to me changing my plans last night and staying on campus to work on it (which by the way, was mostly okay anyway as I got to spend more time with Erina, but that’s beside the fact). Then by this morning, it led me to change my plans again and not be able to go to the Smash tour. Instead, from this morning, I started just working on it, on and on.
And on and on, indeed, to the point that I realized that this wasn’t about finishing before Ray-Ray and them got done at the tournament. Oh no. This was about trying to finish before the deadline now. After a continued uphill struggle, I returned home from the library this afternoon in a very frustrated state not feeling that I had gotten anywhere in the past 6 hours. I was starting to think about giving up on the assignment.
But through David, I regained some hope and motivation and was able to answer some questions and such and feel that I might be able to do this. Which lasted all of a few hours. I returned home from dinner finding that I was hitting another wall. GAH. Just when I thought I was getting somewhere, some more mysterious stuff appears. Stuff that I can’t really do anything about on my own.
And with David not home to ask, but not wanting to give up, I just kept banging my head against the wall until I reached that point where I started off this journal describing. What really led me to this point was after talking to Ray-Ray and telling him I wouldn’t be able to come then deciding afterwards that I wasn’t even going to have time to finish this assignment, so I might as well just turn in where I am.
But with that decision came a realization. I effectively wasted the whole FUCKING day plus time yesterday. I changed lots of my plans for nothing. I didn’t get to hang out or even see Ray-Ray for nothing. FUCK. There’s nothing worse than that feeling. The feeling that you wasted your whole day and more just to still end up failing.
But you know me. I’m not one to leave something bad as something bad. I’m one to find something good in the bad. Which I will still do now. For one, I see I really need to do better with starting these assignments early and despite how hard it is, try to go to office hours some. But beyond that, I see that failure is a thing sometimes. It’s a part of life. You can’t avoid. I can’t avoid. And I may have had some sort of misguided belief that I could avoid it even if at times I came close. No, even I can’t avoid sometimes. Sometimes I just have to accept it: I failed. I fucked up.
But failing can be a good thing. It can lead to doing things better next time and in the future. And that’s what I intend to do. I’d say not to worry too much about this for now as it’s still tonight and I can think about practical takeaways of this a little later. My request for you is to go get some sleep. You are in some DEEP need of that, believe me. I’ve picked myself up after the big fall, and now it’s time to keep going. But some rest is needed first for that. It’s the most important thing to be honest.
Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson
