Sunday 8 February 2015
Dear Good Sir,
This morning was SO WEIRD. Something that I thought about a few weeks ago of something that could potentially happen, as in, technically speaking, a series of events could unfold this way, but it should probably be pretty unlikely. Well guess what, it actually happened. Let me set it up. Last night, Mina asked before going out for her walk if I had brunch plans, and I said nope because I didn’t. I got up this morning and took the meal cards (mail carts) over to the orientation so they’d have them, then came back to Potter as a downpour was beginning.
Eventually, after Mina got up, we went over to brunch. This is the moment. I wonder if you can guess what came next. As I was getting food, guess who I spotted. Nope, not a false alarm this time: it was Chelsea. She looked quite worn out, which I imagined immediately was because of the simulation of the past few days for her. We talked for a moment, then she asked those words: I can sit with you? After last time’s awkward moment and feeling bad, I was resolved this time to just say yes immediately, as I had already at this point down the heuristic of the mental calculations of whether this is what I want in general. Despite the predicament that I knew was only a matter of minutes from happening...
After walking over to another area, I started laughing so hard to myself as I couldn’t believe what was happening. God has quite the sense of humor, I thought at the time. I avoided the matter at hand for as long as possible, but eventually had to walk into the seating area. I wasn’t very unsure whether I should tell Chelsea that maybe now’s not the best time, since I wasn’t sure if Mina wanted to talk privately after last night or what. 
I walked over to get some sun butter just as Chelsea did. After I got some as she was still standing there, I turned around to look for Mina. She saw me and waved over. Feeling that I should say something to Chelsea, I turned around as if I needed to get something else first. But I didn’t even know what to say, so I just walked over to where Mina was. Then asked if it’s okay if a friend of mine joins us, as I nervous fell on the floor laughing within my mind at the situation at hand.
Before long, Chelsea turned around to look for where I went and was about to sit down as if saying, let’s sit over here, then saw that I was sitting down at another table with someone, so she walked over. I introduced one to the other (honestly, I’m trying to remember who I introduced to who as in, whose name I actually said, as I felt like the other said her own name afterwards. I cannot say for certain, but I think I said Chelsea’s name to Mina, probably since Chelsea was coming second and not the other way around).
After the initial thing of Mina asking Chelsea how she knew me and then Chelsea asking the same (in which my instinctive, ridiculous thought was that they were probing each other out, like who is this other girl in Marcus’ life; hahaha), there was a slight uncomfortable pause, at least for me as I found myself unable to think of something to say as I felt like I should start a conversation that they could both participate in as so I wasn’t singling out one of them. Which left me starting to get immensely uncomfortable and nervous. I was still just in shock at what was happening to begin with.
But I just had to do my best to keep my hands from shaking and went ahead and asked Chelsea about the simulation as I literally didn’t know what else to do, feeling that it was the safer route then bringing up the break-up without permission. Conversation actually started to pick up between them especially they starting to get to know each other, slightly quickly in my opinion, which probably says something to the type of people they both are as very open and sharing people. What makes me say this was that Chelsea talked openly about the simulation, then later on Mina talked openly about the break-up, and follow up questions and such being asked by each other. Needlessly to say, this was a REALLY REALLY weird moment for me, but at the same time sort of nice seeing them actually be pretty real with each other right in front of me (part of me felt stupidly nervous though when Mina was talking about the break-up as I wondered if Chelsea might think for a moment that it was me, but that wouldn’t make much sense anyway as why would I be sitting here with her then).
Things became actually pretty smooth from there and some time passed with someone else joining the table too, then Chelsea got up, sort of early in the scheme of things, saying she needed to go work. At after which she left, things toned down a bit for me. Or so I thought. Not long after, my stomach, which was feeling very hungry before I came to brunch, turned from that hungry feeling to a hard, uncomfortable feeling. It wasn’t quite nausea, but at the same time, I felt like it could possibly go that direction with time. 
I tried to keep eating for some reason, I guess feeling that I should eat more if I want to feel better in general, more so regarding my nose. But eventually it got to a point that I didn’t feel comfortable continuing to sit there as I didn’t want it to turn to nausea and throw up in the dining hall of all places. Plus, I knew that if I could make it up to my room, even if I did start feeling nauseous, that with my skills, I could probably continue my years-long streak of avoiding vomiting.
Mina could tell pretty quickly that I wasn’t feeling good, so I elaborated making it clear that it wasn’t nausea though, then proceeded to head up to my room. I didn’t feel like climbing up into bed, so I decided to go with the easier thing of taking my sleeping pad and just lying on the floor. And I rested while listening to the lovely music of wind and rain outside. After a bit it started to pass, and I was feeling better, so I came out of it okay.
I’m still left wondering why this happened (as in this latter thing, haha; I guess the former was going to happen inevitably). The easy thing for me to try to point my finger at would be the sicky state that I woke up in. Except it wasn’t that bad. And I biked all the way to and back from Old Union this morning before any of this happened, so I feel like if I had this stomach discomfort coming, then I probably wouldn’t have been able to do that biking.
Which leaves me wondering if it had something to do with the former event...that event that I thought was really unlikely? Maybe I was just REALLY uncomfortable and nervous from that happening and the build up to that happening that my stomach just couldn’t handle food being dropped in on it on top of that. Or maybe a combo the two?
Any amount with the latter is a bit scary though. I’m not sure I’ve had something like that happen before and to think that if it was mostly mental leading to physical symptoms then wow. Or maybe that says how nervousness and fear that caused me. But it didn’t turn out so bad did it? So let’s not feel that way about that happening in the future, yeah? Cool.
Just so you know, by the way, the going back and forth between them two continues. And believe me, it’s not on purpose. I just keep going back and forth interaction after interaction with them. I have reached a point of toning down this happening with Mina so much, but it still happens to some extent. Which is helped by Mina telling me things like her father remembers me and likes me, for whatever reason, as I honestly cannot remember really talking to him that much that time he visited Arroyo. And nice walks through wonderful atmosphere and environment of the lake at night, filled with water, strong gusts of wind blowing through the trees causing a melody of sound as well as blowing ripples across the lake water, all at the same time as tons and tons of frogs ribbiting an incoherent song across the expanse of the lake. 
But I digress. And I still don’t want to really talk about this stuff due to the endless going back and forth that has been occurring up to this point. So yeah. Come back in a few…(insert the correct unit of time here).
Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson
