Wednesday 21 January 2015
Dear Good Sir,
Today has still been filled with the same fear from yesterday. But more so, I’d describe it as disconnection. I feel disconnected from life here on campus. I feel disconnected from my fellow students and the life that I was living before Monday, January 17, 2015. Right now, the world just looks different to me. It’s hard to put it into words exactly, and I don’t know if this is a semi-permanent sort of thing or what. I think a certain part of it may go away soon after more processing and adjusting as I feel just a lack of interest to some extent akin to what is described in depression which seems temporary.
But I think another part of the way I feel may be more so a change on how I view things. To be more specific, I greatly feel right now that a lot of the things that I may have felt a need to worry about or may have been worried about at the time have just gone out the door. I just don’t see the point of worrying about a lot of those things. They just seem so trivial and unimportant. I guess it’s more of a perspective sort of thing. Worrying about those things in comparison to what happened Monday seems ridiculous because the things that were in my life previously are so miniscule to the largeness of the global things that were involved on Monday.
One thing to show you what I mean is regarding Chelsea stuff. That at all seems SO so SO stupid to worry about now. Sure, I’m still interested in her, but all of the anxiety and worry that I was going through over all of that? Really? That’s absolutely NOTHING to be worried about in comparison to the largeness of Monday. I can’t even imagine trying to worry about that sort of thing anymore. It’s just plain dumb, not to be harsh or mean. But seriously. I’m just not gonna allow anxiety like that for something so small. And yes, when I say small, I am aware of how you felt/feel about her. But that doesn’t change it. My life is miniscule to the big powers at work in regards to Monday. In regards to the BIG, global things that we were touching on Monday.
I also ran into things regarding something else I was fearing yesterday: telling family. I was thinking earlier today that I just need more time and will just wait to say anything. Which is still how I feel. But I decided to text Dad earlier that he should wait to get a ticket. Except, I had to be vague about why, saying that something came up, but I’ll know more info later. But then he called right after. Part of me didn’t want to answer, but I felt like I had to. He asked what was up. I didn’t want to tell him the real reasons at this point, so I felt like I had no choice but to lie, especially on the fly like that. I just said that it had to do with Kyoto and tried to leave it at that.
Then Ray-Ray called earlier, and I just didn’t want to go into any of it yet, so I was a bit unresponsive to a certain extent. I’m just not feeling talking much about it right now. Nor do I care to joke around about this. It’s not funny to me (not yet???).
I have seen some progress today in becoming a little better though. I think it really started this evening. I had been trying to decide if I wanted to get dinner with Gina and talk to her about Monday as I feel a need to reach out to someone at least as I feel like that might help me a bit. Plus, it’s Gina. But I hadn’t quite decided. I also had decided not to go to Chi Alpha as I just didn’t feel in the mental space to be around other people that weren’t the 68+ like that. I just don’t feel like having to be around people feeling bad and not really feeling like I can explain why.
Then not too long later before my meeting, I got a text. From Chelsea. Yeah. She said basically that she missed me at Chi Alpha tonight and asked if I want to get dinner tomorrow and catch up. Ah. What a pick-me-up this was. I honestly forgot the power of a such thing. And to be clear, while a part of what made this so powerful was that it’s her, Chelsea (both for it being like wow “SHE texted me?” and also considering the way I feel), it’s a lot more so that it’s someone reaching out to me at a time that I just really needed it. Like she couldn’t have sent that message at any more of a perfect time. I just REALLY needed that, which is affirmed by the tears forming in my eyes at thinking about this. It almost feels like God looking out for me.
Since it’s Chelsea and since she’s someone that I truly believe would, indeed, have been there with us if she wasn’t out of town at the time, I think talking to her and telling her about my experience will definitely help me significantly. I just really need to tell someone that I trust and receive support and love from them, so that I can feel at least a little better about the idea of telling family and other friends. Because right now, I am still quite a bit clouded by fear.
I definitely still have some processing to do, including a full journal of the entire day’s events, going over even those really traumatic parts with fullness. I want to do this before getting dinner with Chelsea tomorrow, but I don’t know how realistic this is as I have a busy day tomorrow, but we’ll see. I also feel like I still need to cry, a la huge catharsis. I tried a few times as you know on Monday, but just couldn’t get it out. But I definitely feel like I need and want to, so I’ll have to keep trying until it happens. I do have a higher admiration now for those who can cry so easily. For some reason, I seem to be doing something that’s stopping me despite how BADLY I want to try for example on Monday night. Maybe, I need to figure out how to break down this wall stopping me. We’ll see. Catharsis soon though, for sure.
Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson
