Monday 16 March 2015
Dear Good Sir,
It’s suddenly dawning on me that it is days like these that I probably back up and not force myself to write something. Days like these that I don’t necessarily have anything big to write about. But at the same time, I feel like I often find that after I start writing something like this that things start to come up for what to write about. Things that I may have thought about earlier, but forgot about as I was thinking about what to journal about. So maybe there is something to writing at least something everyday.
I listened to multiple This American Life podcasts today, namely three, all at some part having to do with love, romance, etc. I think the fact that I was seeking out these sorts of podcasts says something about where I am right now, i.e. trying to figure out where I am and what love is to me, etc.
The first one that I listened to furthered my resolve to not be so serious about going into dating and relationships. The piece was about a couple that had been dating for 13 years since college, and decided to take a month to put the relationship on hiatus in order to go out and experience what else is out there in terms of romance before coming back. They felt they had a very limited experience and view outside of them together. And despite how great they had been together, felt that it would be important to experience outside first before moving forward further. 
This says to me immediately that going through multiple relationships is not only totally okay, but beneficial. Which I can totally understand thinking back to when I was dating Amanda. I can definitely remember thinking, I wish I had more experience so that I could put her and dating her more into perspective.
So do you hear this, bro? Stop worrying so much about whether things will last or whether they will work out, etc. First of all, it’s really hard to calculate such things beforehand. But also, it doesn’t necessarily matter that much. It’s okay to enter a relationship thinking that it won’t last long. Of course, I wouldn’t suggest going into it with any sort of mal-intent or planning to not let it last or something.
I know this brings up a concern specifically with some of the females that you are interested, namely Erina. The concern of dating someone that lies within a circle of friends that you don’t want to disturb. Which is fair and a very legitimate concern. But will that stop things…? Should I make an effort to stop things now for this reason? Isn’t it so much smarter to just look for girls outside of this important circle of friends for this very reason? Will I listen to logic here? Should I even listen to logic in such matters?
Another thought that comes up is that communication is key. And by communication, I also mean honesty. But honesty plus communicating as in asking questions and making an effort to see where things are and where both people want things to be and where to go. No point lying or not telling the full truth to try to lead things in some direction if it’s not desired, probably by neither person. Being open is a thing.
Another thought: you can always get back together with someone in the future even after separating. In addition, it’s always possible to get in touch with an interest from the past and try to make things happen, or anything along those lines. Yes, this does require that said interests aren’t already in a relationship or whatever which cannot be relied on per se at least specifically person by person, but it is always still a possibility more generally with someone.
A thought from another podcast is that the initial spark for dating, relationships, love, etc, honestly does NOT need to be anything special or deep or “story-quality.” It can literally be something as simple as “she’s cute” or “I enjoy being around her” or something along those lines which is yes a bit shallow, but at the same time, especially when you’ve just met someone, what the heck else are you supposed to think at that point? If there’s something more to it at that point, then wonderful, but for the other 99% of the time, there doesn’t need to be anything else. In other words, you don’t need any more of a reason to be interested in Erina! Especially at this point and especially for the reasons that you already have. This isn’t a damn movie, yo.
Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson
