Thursday 5 February 2015
Dear Good Sir,
I need to be brief, but at the same time, I can’t not write. I’ve gotten some more religious direction today after life group. Part of the problem of why I’ve been a bit confused and lost as of late especially after yesterday’s large group is that I partly feel that I should be farther in my religious journey than I am. Yesterday during the prayer part when Glen was calling out those that are ready to fully believe and such to raise their hands, I really wanted to. Due to my upraising as a Christian, and attending Lovett, and in general, my background with Christianity, I felt that I should be at that point of being ready to raise my hand now. 
But at the same time, I knew that I couldn’t do this because I knew that I’d only be tricking myself to say that I was ready already as I could feel that I wasn’t there. I think this is the cause of my leaving large group and heading to SJEC feeling very confused and annoyed with myself. Why wasn’t I ready yet? I just completely felt like I should be there already. What is up?
That continued today, though behind the scenes as in not really on my mind per se. I went to life group like this. Not at the point of acknowledging what was troubling me. But then, for SOME reason, during life group, the others eventually, after continuing to tangent, followed one of the tangents into this religious argument regarding the Holy Spirit. I just kinda sat back and listened in, not really sure what they were fully talking about.
At some point, someone mentioned something about baptism and then I heard something about physical baptism, i.e. being bathed in water, versus spiritual baptism, i.e. the Holy Spirit entering you. The thought of baptism suddenly brought back that potential first memory of mine of a place like a church and seeing a fountain of water and at some point being in that fountain of water, though it’s hard to tell if I am looking from a third person view at the fountain or if I end up being put in the water.
This memory brought back up some of the thoughts from yesterday about how, well I’ve already been baptized, so what’s wrong with me, why am I not ready? But the distinction between physical and spiritual baptism was discussed more and then the kicker was Astul telling his story of being at the pancakes reach out event and feeling uncomfortable, likely because he hasn’t had his spiritual baptism.
It wasn’t long before it started to occur to me, I haven’t had a spiritual baptism either, have I? And it sounded like the spiritual baptism is more important than the physical one. So in other words, just because I had the physical one doesn’t mean that I should be at some high point in my religious journey right now. In fact, it allows me to be back at some level close to square one. Slowly the pressure to be where I’m not started to go away.
Which is where I am now. I haven’t had my click, aha moment. The spiritual baptism. And that’s what I need to be at that next step that I want to be. I really want to take that next step, but I’m not quite there yet. And until I have that aha moment, when the Holy Spirit enters you, I can’t expect myself to be there. So that’s what I need now, and what I will focus my prayer on. Asking God to help me have that aha moment.
I’m not sure at ALL what having that aha moment would entail. As in what do I need to change in my belief to reach that point, or what do I need to witness, or how big of a sign do I need to receive to reach that point? Maybe it’s a combination of things. Maybe I need to understand more about Jesus and Holy Spirit. I think at this point, I am quite set in my belief in God. It’s the two other Components of the Trinity that I need to get on board with.
And really, I feel pretty on board with the Holy Spirit as I feel like I’ve had enough experiences of witnessing the Spirit in others. Those moments when I can just feel the spiritual energy in the room, when I can see the authenticity of one’s belief. So maybe it’s just Jesus. In which case, rereading more of Mere Christianity and talking to Glen will surely help. I don’t know if this is enough to get my aha, as in maybe I do need another sign, maybe one bigger than either of the two big ones I’ve had previously. These are the things I’ll pray for.
I think you do notice my assumption, or really assumptions, in all of this though. The assumption that I’ll have a spiritual baptism at all. And the assumption that the God that I believe in is capable of bringing this aha to me in addition to being willing to do that, right now at least. And due to the full faith “trial” thing, I am giving God that benefit of the doubt as I think this will help lead me farther down my spiritual journey than if I don’t make this assumption. Because, at this point, the alternative, since I do believe in some higher power, is that the higher power either is not capable of influencing this world or is not willing or does not see a reason to bring me this aha which would lead me down the route of being a devout Christian.
But to be honest, humor me for a moment. Say that the higher power is not capable of influencing this world. Then what are those two signs that I have gotten, hmm? And again, say the higher power is capable but is not willing to help me have my aha. Then, again, why would He have given me those two signs? So to be honest, maybe I can conclude that the higher power, God, that I believe in, does have the capability and is willing to help me down the road towards my aha. Maybe that was the point of those two signs.
I still have a lot of progress to make and steps to take, but that’s perfectly okay. I don’t need to be anywhere else than where I am currently. Because where I am is perfectly okay. I am thankful to have made the huge steps of progress that I have made in the past two months or so. There is something extraordinary and amazing and miraculous about these huge steps I’ve already taken. And once God thinks I’m ready, I’m sure He’ll help me take those next few steps to have my aha and to receive my spiritual baptism. So again, this is what I’m praying for. A sign of some sort or form that will lead me to the aha. Thank you, Lord.
Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson
