Saturday 3 January 2015
Dear Good Sir,
Ah. Bro. This is my first writing of 2015, and my first writing for a few weeks now. I took a short hiatus from journaling over the past few weeks, initially unintentionally, but just from laziness that I decided to allow in order to give some willpower rest. But it’s 2015, and as I’ll have you know soon enough, 2015 is going to very different for me, but especially along the lines of willpower. From here and forward more, you will always have the full potential of my willpower. I don’t worry, there’s quite a lot of it. As I’ve noted previously (though maybe not in writing), in the past, I haven’t made a habit of always utilizing my willpower, often at times not using it all. Well, I want to change that. Not only does it require having access to the full potential of my willpower, but I also need to make a habit of putting this powerful willpower to use. Especially in terms of getting things done. But more on that later, likely tomorrow, when I am very formal about my goals for the year and such.
I finished Serial on Wednesday on the way back to California on the plane. Since I didn’t write then, I wanted to write about my thoughts. First of all, the podcast has been really awesome and I applaud the creators, like Sarah Koenig, for their work. I truly felt that she did a really good job of showing all sides, considering many points of argument and going above and beyond to try to bring light to a big mystery, 15 years after the events of the mystery took place. It’s no simple thing to figure out a mystery right after it happened, but 15 years later is almost unthinkable. But Sarah has shown that maybe it can be done to some extent. Of course, this mystery wasn’t fully solved, but that was never an expectation or likely outcome.
In terms of my thoughts on the mystery, when it comes down to it, I feel that I really don’t know who did it despite all of the information presented. There’s just way too much uncertainty and unanswered questions and things that just don’t have a clear explanation. If I was on a jury, I agree with Sarah that I just couldn’t say that without a doubt that I think Adnan did it. There’s just not enough evidence for it. Not now. Certainly not then. I really feel that Adnan was wronged in this case regardless of whether he did it or not in that, I don’t feel like the jury had enough evidence presented to them to convict Adnan.
On Wednesday, outside of doubt, I believed it was less likely that Adnan killed Hae than that he did. But, again, I don’t know who to point to as having done it then though. Even then, I didn’t really think it too likely that it was Jay that did it or that at least framed Adnan. If anything, I feel like maybe there was some third party involved with Jay that was more so responsible. Who that is, I honestly don’t know. But I do feel like if Adnan is telling the truth, that Jay has to know who this third party is. Meaning the talk about that serial killer that they are trying the DNA tests also for probably isn’t the killer just since I can’t think or even see how Jay would be involved with a serial killer like that. But who knows.
Today, after talking to Zach H. about Serial a little bit, I learned that Jay has opened up and done an interview with another reporter unrelated from the Serial crew. After reading the series of articles recounting the interview, Jay opens up in my mind as a more believable person. Hearing the story again from him helps me see it as more possible. Especially, that he opened up about who he was trying to protect and such. He mentions in the interview that he was worried about the pot dealing he was doing and the threats that Adnan was allegedly making to him about turning him in and how this would affect Jay’s grandmother, whose house Jay was doing his dealing from. Jay also claims to have been trying to protect all of the different people that happened to be around Adnan that evening when Jay and Adnan went to Jenn’s house since they were in no way involved, and he didn’t want them to be brought into this.
Jay also talks about how this podcast has brought real life consequences to him and his family through somehow his personal information being leaked onto Reddit and the internet at some point earlier on during the show being aired which has led to people coming to his house and such and his name being connected to the murder and different things online which brings bad reputation things to him. He claims that Sarah or some of the Serial crew leaked the personal information and that Sarah is lying in the many emails that interviewers put in the article that Jay provided that were provided from an email exchange between Sarah and Jay.
Personally, I don’t think that Sarah or the Serial crew leaked this personal information, as for one, they wouldn’t be dumb enough to do something like that since that could very easily get them in trouble, but beyond that, I feel that they morally wouldn’t do something like that as I feel that they understand how wrong that would be and the real life consequences that could bring to Jay or that leaking personal information in general about these very real people in the show could bring.
After reading all of this, I lean more towards Adnan actually being guilty and the explanation for Jay’s constant inconsistencies being those he claims in the interview to be protecting. It does kind of make sense and add up. But at the same time, I still don’t know for sure, obviously, and still remaining at doubt of the true happenings in this mystery. There’s a lot of lying that took place, which some could say, has been done by either Jay or Adnan, but likely it’s both. Who knows what truly happened. If those DNA tests end up taking place then perhaps that could help shed light.
Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson
