Tuesday 17 February 2015
Dear Good Sir,
So that disconnection that I wrote about last night. SOOP is not the only thing that disconnection has been occurring for. Also for my religious journey. I don’t really think it occurred to me until tonight at the bible study that this disconnection was here. It just didn’t dawn on me before that. But upon walking into the room late and trying to join into the passage reading, I suddenly found myself totally lost for this process and why I was there at all.
At a certain point after entering though, they stopped to do an activity in which we wrote on a notecard about where we are about Jesus right now and Christianity. It took me a while to formulate into words how I was feeling, but I basically proceeded to write about the disconnection to some extent, but even more so, the lack of congruence between my thoughts and my feelings.
I may have written about this a few weeks ago about how a lot of the things about Jesus that I’ve heard and read and discussed lately makes sense to me intellectually, especially the stuff from Mere Christianity. But I’ve had a lack of really FEELING that I believe all of this, but instead it’s been stuck at the higher level of thoughts rather than that of the deeper feeling level.
They asked to pray for me after I explained everything. Which I was initially hesitant about, especially since I didn’t want to just suddenly come in late and then hijack the focus of the bible study. But I suppose, one, it’s not that I’m hijacking it and, two, it’s not like I came in there demanding their attention and energy. They were being so kind as to offer it up to me themselves which is a gesture that I really have to appreciate. After hearing their prayers and doing some thinking myself, I could feel the disconnection starting to dissipate a good bit and could sort of feel myself returning to where I was a week or so ago.
I think patience is the key thing with this process of changing the feeling level as it probably isn’t so quick to change that part of me, especially when this part of me has been getting built and conditioned over the past several several years of my life. I can’t just change something like that in a few weeks or a few months even really. It’ll take some time. But at the same time, they’re right in that I can’t just sit back and wait for it to happen. The proactiveness that I’ve been taking this quarter is important to making these changes, and I have to keep this up whether that means going to fellowship stuff or just taking time to pray on my own. Let’s keep the momentum going.
Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson
