Saturday 21 March 2015
Dear Good Sir,
Hmm. Today set me a bit backwards in terms of Chelsea stuff, from my side. My questioning of the nature of our interactions increased. But is it warranted?
Today, we moved most of our stuff out of our dorm rooms and into storage with the help of Glen. In record breaking times, we moved the stuff out of each of our rooms into the truck in about 15 minutes per room. Then, we proceeded to drive to Fremont and unload into the storage. In all honesty, the day was really fun with them. They are both fun to spend time with and the actual moving process was flawless and easy.
One fun part was when Chelsea and I went into the storage office place to sign for the storage space and also received a tour of the space and were shown to the storage space itself. What was so fun and just funny about the experience was that it just FELT like we were playing house or something, dating and getting a storage space together for all of our stuff. I was literally DYING the whole time with internal laughter at the situations that arose. It just felt so strange.
I wanted to word something to her about it, but didn’t have a good moment timing-wise and also just wasn’t sure how to bring it up. Also, I didn’t really know IF I should bring it up. I didn’t want it to come off in the wrong way as if I wanted things to be the way that it felt like. It was more that I was just finding it intensely weird the situations that were arising, in a slightly humorous way. 
Take, for example, when we first walked up to the front desk, and they asked us what we needed and Chelsea explained the situation. Then, there reached a point after they told us that we can’t co sign (as in both putting our names down) that we had to decide who would do it. And we turned and looked at each other and as we shortly discussed it, I just felt that weirdness as if we were a couple deciding something.
Right now, it probably doesn’t make sense why I started off the way I did. It’s more so because of the lack of interacting with her on average over the course of the day truly as myself. Or at least, I just didn’t feel truly like myself a lot of the time. Or I just didn’t feel like I was there at times. I felt like I was following an adult or parent around as they took care of important business, like I often feel back at home when I am with Ma or Nita even.
I find this problematic because, although I want to be with a girl that’s strong-willed and such, that doesn’t necessarily mean that I want to be in a position where I can just go on autopilot like this. I know a lot of it is just the habits from the past that I was easily falling back into, but at the same time, the fact that it was possible to fall into these habits at all bothers me.
I don’t really know if it’s necessarily a thing innate to her that allowed it or if it has more to do with me in regards to her. The nuance there being that the former suggesting that it’s something mostly related to her nature and my habit responding to that or the latter suggesting that it’s mostly because of my habit and the situation and her being at least enough of a certain way allowed for the habit to return.
Besides the return of the autopilot habit, I also felt in the car that I just couldn’t get on the same wavelength as her and Glen a lot of the time. It was just hard to keep up with their personalities. Part of the question here is if it was Glen specifically or just most people in general that would cause these things. I think it’s more so the latter and that I’d have trouble following her with any of her friends. 
And I think the “issue” here is that she is quite a bit different from me, in a way that I sort of feel like I would be forcing things to try to make things work out with us in dating. Sure, when it’s just us, I can mostly keep up, but things are stretched when she’s around others too. And I want to be able to enjoy spending time with a significant other’s friends. 
I realize it’s not generally going to be a perfect match per se, but I feel like it could be better than this. You of all people know that I don’t like feeling awkward in social interactions. Sure, a certain bit of it is inevitable, but I also want to squash as much of it as I can. Or at least, put myself in situations and circumstances and environments that pushes away awkward interactions for me.
But yeah. I don’t know. I am by no means saying that I don’t think it can work out with us, but more so that I am less confident in it or at least less confident in the down the road side of it, now. I may end up spending more time with her in the next week before I leave, so we’ll see how that goes I guess. But I feel like it may end up giving way to misleading data if it’s just us. This stuff is hard to figure out, yo.
So I watched Mononoke Hime again tonight. What a masterpiece. I could go on and on about it with the praise that I’ve held for it for years and years. And that hasn’t changed. But, now re-watching it since I started the Miyazaki marathoning last year, I can say with confidence now that Howl’s Moving Castle is my favorite. While it has all of the awesome action scenes going for it, Princess Mononoke just can’t beat out the character interactions and family and love found in Howl’s Moving Castle. Without a doubt. I’ll rewatch my favorite again this week to confirm all of this too.
Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson
