Tuesday 3 March 2015
Dear Good Sir,
I don’t have much time to write, but I should write as I haven’t written this month yet. Today has solidified my determination though there’s still some uncertainty in my resolve nonetheless. But there was definitely an increase. In my policies regarding a certain someone. But which certain someone is the question now isn’t it?
This certain someone would be Erina (I think hypnoemotions amplifying where I am right now might explain my directness at the moment). I don’t think I need to explain about why she was on the list of which certain someone, but I think it definitely needs some explaining why she would be so up there right now.
Honestly, a big part of is the conclusion and reasoning that I came to the other day when I was talking about breaking the deadlock. After that journal and that realization, I decided to actually act on this and try to break the deadlock soon and decide on action to take. So a part of the reason that I am almost certain about taking action regarding her is because of the fact that I concluded that I should take action regarding someone soon.
The fact that it is her is partly due to events today though now that I am thinking about it more so, I sort of wonder whether today’s events are really enough to have taken me this far (though again, hypnoemotions are largely a cause here). Essentially, I had a number of further good interactions with her today and conversations and hangouts. Especially after the presentation rehearsals when we talked downstairs by the couch area standing next to the foosball table.
We were just talking at first (and she stealing my sweet potato fries; or ok, I was willingly sharing them, fine), then she asked if she could practice her presentation, so I let her do that. And I started helping her and giving more pointers and furthermore, following up on some of the feedback we gave during the rehearsal regarding things that I wouldn’t have felt comfortable going this deeply with her about earlier. But there was something about that moment that I felt comfortable. And I knew that it would deeply help her. So I just went with it and said the comments that I wanted and I think she really benefited and certainly didn’t seem to upset her or anything. As she must trust me and such and know that I am being totally real with her.
Which starts to get at that turning point for me regarding her. I’m still trying to think about all of this more, of course, but there was something in this conversation and interaction tonight that especially makes me okay with the idea of taking action regarding her. Our interactions feel really...good, for a lack of a better word. Real. I feel that I am 100% being myself with her and that she is too. But beyond that, I am enjoying the time that I spend with her as I be my witty, trolly, but fun self. And furthermore, she seems to enjoy this time. And even more so, not only can we enjoy each others’ presence so much, but also, we can engage in this real and important way regarding the presentation, and I can help her truly with it and everything. Essentially, there’s both fun and real results that come from our interactions. Which contributes highly to putting me at the point of wanting to take action when I can figure out when, whether that be here at Stanford, or next quarter when I’m in Kyoto. 
Not that it really matters, but also, something that encourages me are those small signs that I see from her that tell me that she must feel similarly about me. The most extreme yet perfect example of these signs is one that took place tonight. I was leaving the presentation room to head back downstairs, while Erina and her group were still in there working. As I stepped to the door after David, I started saying bye and turned towards the three still in the room waving good-bye and looking at them one after another. When my eyes stopped on Erina last, as I moved out of the door, we looked into each others’ eyes and I could see this VERY REAL thing happen between us. There was just a look on her face of REALNESS (I’m sorry, but I’m not quite sure at this point how else to put this) that I know was reflected on my face too that seemed to show to each other that we care.
I still have lots of deep thinking and time to take obviously regarding all of this, but I just wanted to write and update with where I am at this point. Part of my reservation is because of the whole thing of wanting to have a good reason for liking her if I’m gonna like her. And also, all the others on my “list” of females. Because I don’t know if I can say that I have that for sure right now. The others on the list are definitely still there and all. It’s just, right now, timing and circumstances etc seem to be sending me towards focusing on Erina. But we’ll see for sure farther in the future. Until then, GANBATTE!
Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson
