Tuesday 17 March 2015
Dear Good Sir,
I was thinking the other day about the nature of international friendships. Looking at my experiences, probably heavily weighed on those of recent time, I get the feeling that there is some level of unconditional-ness that exists often times with these types of friendships in particular. I say this because I feel like at times it has to be forced to some extent when the amount of time that you have to get to know each other is so limited. For things to actually work out and survive the constraints of space and time, both parties almost seem to have to apply a certain unconditional-ness.
By unconditional-ness, I mean both parties almost raising each other up to the level of already being great friends before the normal amount of time has passed to generally allow that to happen. It’s almost this understanding that, time is short so let’s forget all of the usual initial stuff that needs to happen to reach this point and let’s just shortcut there now. It’s partly a thing of trust.
With that being said, there are a few concerns I have to this “theory” of sorts. First of all, my experience with having international friends is very limited to one party being in a coordinator/officer/helper role and the other being the participant/visitor. I don’t have any experiences outside of that really besides with random international friends that I have at Stanford or met during my time at Lovett. And I feel like these coordinator and participant roles existing gives way to this unconditional-ness.
I also think it largely gives way to the trust that you were speaking of, especially from the participant towards coordinator direction, since as the participant, you have to put your trust in the coordinator to take care of you and help you out while you are being the participant. Then, while the time being in the participant role eventually ends, the trust part doesn’t, so the trust continues on leading to these seemingly high level friendship interactions without the amount of time usually needed for such things.
One example (of many, though probably the strongest example) that prompted this whole “theory” was my friendship with Ena Hashimoto. We talked a good bit during SKIP, but that was only two weeks, and then we didn’t directly communicate for several months until SJEC just happened (which was only a month). But we immediately raised things back to that high level friendship interaction state throughout SJEC, and also got to spend more time together which added to the more legitimate side of things.
And now, even though our in-person interactions only span over around 6-7 weeks, I feel like our friendship has reached a point where it has a lot of the things that I would find in friendships with any of the people here at Stanford that I am very close with. Which is saying something. But it also leaves me with the awe of wow, it’s already at this point. Something that really struck me as wow, the trust that we already have, or more so that she already has in saying that I can stay at her grandmother’s if I visit Kyushu. 
So all of this leaves me wondering, is this actually something innate to international friendships? Or is it something that can be found more generally anywhere and probably has something to do more with the context in which you meet and know someone and also depends on the individual people themselves? One potential counterexample is that I’m not sure if I would have noticed this unconditional-ness with previous experiences i.e. ALC and SKIP. But maybe I would. It’s hard to say not having been able to really try these friendships in that way besides back during SKIP when we hung out with the ALC participants.
Something else that occurred to me is that maybe this unconditional-ness could be seen during freshman year, but it’s just been so long that SJEC’s extreme extent of unconditional-ness is fresh in my mind and standing out significantly and so leading me to think that it could be something to do with international in general. 
Really, it probably is more something that can be found outside of international friendships. In fact, I feel that maybe it’s more the golden conditions (comparable to the romantic equivalent) where both parties in a friendship both are actively wanting to really promote being friends with the other. I think this is what really leads to this unconditional-ness, as really that’s what it is. Trying to be friends with the other without any conditions or stipulations (besides the obvious ones of the person turning out to be crazy or something, but that’s more than rare).
And if anything, it’s not that this innate to international friendships, but perhaps, more often found in international friendships due to the constraints of time and space that aren’t as lacked in on campus friendships. Maybe that’s what I am noticing. Either way, I guess I’ll just have to collect more data and come back to this another time.
And a final note of something I just found interesting this afternoon, after my exam, I wanted to chill out for awhile and do something just for the sake of it being something I enjoyed. My initial thoughts jumped to video games and such, but I didn’t even feel like doing that (nor was it possible in terms of Path of Radiance or something at the time). Then, I realized the lack of doing anything on my own for fun that has existed the past several weeks and this quarter in general. Which is astounding. Then, an idea finally came to mind. A good one at that: reading.
Never did I think I would see the time return to me where reading is my first choice me-time pastime. It’s sweet.
Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson
