Thursday 19 March 2015
Dear Good Sir,
The realization last night has certainly helped with dropping a lot of the worry and anxiety surrounding the whole making a decision process. Truly. But at the same time, a lot of the indecision remains. And I suppose that’s totally not the point of last night’s realization. It wasn’t intended to help with making a decision. It was meant only for the worry especially that associated with the idea of having to turn down those I don’t choose if I were to make a choice.
In other words, I still remain in confusion about the whole decision part of things. I just keep thinking about a lot of it and thinking I’m making headway, but really I never am. There are just times that I am really set on someone, but then it turns around. I’ve probably written about this previously, but currently deep down in me, there are a lot of parts of me that are screaming “pursue Chelsea” at me. And I really want to listen. The feelings that I was getting back in December is a big testament to that too.
But then, another part of me keeps wanting to question all of this. Why do I feel that “cosmicness” from Chelsea? What is it about her that makes parts of me scream to decide on her over the others? Listening to the podcast today contrasting love at first sight as well as just that initial infatuation stage with different stages in a relationship/marriage down the road really made me think too. What if things just aren’t the same after that initial infatuation stage? What if she’s not the perfect one for me, or better yet, what if I’m not the perfect one for her (which I certainly question a lot)?
But at the same time, I wonder if I am being too rational and thoughtful about all of this? What if there really is something “cosmic” here that I am not quite seeing or catching on too? Also, I’d say personally that it might be a bit ridiculous at this point to say that I am infatuated with her. Events of this quarter have truly changed that and while I certainly do still have feelings for her, I feel like it would be hard to place those feelings in the category of infatuation, at least not that pure initial infatuation that we all know.
And there’s the big question that I sort of already hinted at: how do I know if a woman is perfect for me? What does that even mean for me? What needs to happen for me to even reach a point that I can say with confidence that a woman is perfect for me? That’s one of the big things. What if Chelsea, for example, is perfect for me? What will it take for me to be able to see that?
That’s one of the big arguments that I feel right now for wanting to put aside some of the feelings that I have for people at the moment and instead just go explore more with dating different people and such. I just don’t have much experience right now and am facing the same problems that I was facing regarding Amanda initially. I think having more experience with dating would help provide me with a better perspective for determining capability with others and with determining what might make a woman perfect, or not even perfect but even great, for me or not.
So that makes me want to try to go get that experience, but at the same time, I don’t want to risk hurting people by starting something that I don’t necessarily want to hold. Especially when it comes to people that I already know or that belong to different friend circles and such (i.e. many of the Japanese females that I am interested in currently). And then I talk about how I want more experience, but I am too afraid to make a decision to go about exploring and getting more experience. Especially when it’s one of these people in a friend circle that I wouldn’t want to risk damaging my connection with the friend circle or something.
It almost feels like a catch 22 to some extent. I almost feel like dating people I just met would be smarter for now in terms of the whole gaining experience side of things. And I guess also just being honest with where I am right now. Being honest about the fact that I don’t necessarily want to make big connections at the moment especially in terms of things going long distance. Being honest about the fact that I to some extent want to keep options open and maybe just keep things at a dating level right now. Or that if it is to go any farther that there is risk of that not lasting especially at the point of when things would go long distance.
I don’t know. It’s a lot to think about. Part of me wants to forget all of this and all of these decisions and stuff and just focus on being independent and cultivating all the wonderful platonic friendships in my life with females and males. But that would just be avoiding the problem to some extent. So who knows right now. Maybe it’ll be easier once in Japan. Though on that note, I also have a slight fear that things are suddenly going to start moving quickly with Erina if I’m not careful. But, assuming she’s even interested at all, maybe that would only happen if I push for that. So again, who knows. Let’s drop it for now.
Thanks, Marcus Circus Francium Jackson
