Friday 16 January 2015
Dear Good Sir,
So much to write about. Normally, I’d say I don’t know what to start with, but I think it makes sense to write about what’s currently most on my mind which is Chelsea and Chelsea stuff. But as I was about to start, I realized there was something else that I want to write about that may be relevant and in a sense of order, need to come first. That would be about my religious journey right now.
I left off more so on Wednesday after the Chi Alpha meeting, which was followed yesterday by the Intervarsity meeting. But the progression and thinking that has taken place since Wednesday has actually taken place outside of IV (as in IV didn’t do the things that XA did for me in a religious sense). No, it’s more so been my thinking about Wednesday and about religion in general.
One thing that I want to point out right now is that, to be quite honest with you, back since the break or whenever that was that I decided to really start thinking and reconsidering my religious views, it wasn’t until about Wednesday or so this week, that I can say that I actually have gone from agnostic (or wherever I previously was) to questioning Christianity. As in the step forward on the religious scale didn’t actually take place until this week. Before that, I was just forcing it. Pretending if you will. At some point in the past few days, I noticed that a switch had actually flipped, and right now, I am actually, seriously considering my religious views again and Christianity. 
I certainly wouldn’t have called myself a fraud or anything before this, but I mean to say that I am no longer fueling this re-consideration from pure conscious effort anymore. There is something deep down within me that is actually fueling this now. There is something deep down in me that is curious and questioning in a very real way. Which is a huge step forward, believe me. In fact, this almost feels new to me in that I feel that often with this sort of thing, I am consciously exerting effort and almost forcing myself to consider. But now I feel something else helping to contribute to that effort. Which is just plain interesting to me.
But to be more specific, where am I religiously right now? That’s a good question. Questioning might be an appropriate label to some extent though I feel like that phrase suggests more so that one has gone from really religious then taken a step down on the religious scale when more so, I just take a step up to reach where I am. I think curious might be a better way to put it. Religiously curious?
Even more specifically though, I am having trouble regarding God and praying to God especially when asking for something. It’s mostly a trust issue. There seem to be numerous instances to show that God doesn’t always answer prayers. One extreme example would be that podcast I listened to on Thursday about what people used to believe where the woman was talking about how she prayed and prayed for her good friend’s cancer to go away, but God didn’t heal her. Which eventually led to her losing faith as she just couldn’t accept that God wouldn’t do anything.
And if God doesn’t always answer prayers then how can I reconcile praying for something and trusting that it will happen? I can’t really. And I totally understand that maybe asking for things all the time isn’t the point of being religious. But even so, there seems to me to be times when I feel like it shouldn’t be unreasonable to pray for something i.e. if your friend is dying with cancer. But even with extreme circumstances aside, I still don’t know what to do.
Take Chelsea stuff. I have been praying that a relationship will work out with us. And I understand that that does necessarily mean that it will happen. But am I suppose to fully trust in it? And does that mean that I stop focusing on taking action and just let things happen? Or do I continue trying to do what I can while also fully trusting in God? But by continuing myself, does that suggest that I don’t trust that God has it handled? It’s a bit confusing to me. And something that I’ll just have to ask or figure out with time.
I’ll talk about new strategies/plans regarding Chelsea tomorrow. Too tired, yo.
Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson
