Thursday 26 February 2015
Dear Good Sir,
Gah. Dude. Please. PLEASE. Don’t EVER let me get this overwhelmed at school with non-academic stuff again. This is absurd. Two extracurriculars at pivotal points at the same time on top of lots of schoolwork is crazy. I understand that it’s not always like this, but the risk of this happening is bad enough, to be honest, to the point of me wanting to lower commitments aggressively in the future in order to avoid this happening at all. And this is with a minimal academic load (or sort of, if 110 can ever be included in something that’s minimal).
I guess a lot of it is, indeed, the procrastination, brought on a lot by the existence of SJEC right now. But it’s also just my work ethic and productivity too. I’ve seen any of them today and I still wouldn’t say that I’ve been more productive than in past days. I guess another part of is that I just don’t really want to do what I’m supposed to be doing, at a deep level. As in, more specifically, there’s other work that I’d rather dive myself into right now, such as game design or Japanese or other interests of mine.
As you know though, I definitely have very intentional plans not to let extracurricular overload occur in the future. Unfortunately for the club, during my senior year, I think I will be having to distance myself from SOOP. I believe I am okay with SJEC due to it’s lack of commitment for the most part in the fall and lack in the spring. It’ll much lighter than say, being co-president of SOOP or something. And in terms of religious groups, I’m definitely not going to rope myself into feeling I have to go weekly to the big groups and if I get involved in a small group which I probably wouldn’t mind, I’ll make sure it’s one and ONLY one. Not three…
In terms of future ambitions though, after today, I am moving more and more towards being set on game design. This inspiration came from learning about Takehiko Inoue, the artist and writer of the manga Slam Dunk and Vagabond among other things. I am researching him for my Japanese class project. 
It was especially a documentary that revealed how amazing an individual and creator and storyteller he is. The documentary was extraordinary and really followed him in his process of creating his manga, mostly regarding Vagabond since that’s what he was working on when the reporter was there. I think I have fallen in love with the idea of this whole process of creating a story. There’s just something about it that appeals so much to be about spending so much time and thought and energy and life on a piece of art. I want to do this.
There are a few takeaways that I got regarding the design and writing process in general from what Inoue said and from just watching how things unfolded. One, in terms of storytelling, when it comes down to it, the work is more about the characters than the story: drama will unfold regardless of how the story moves forward, as long as what occurs is true to the character and is a necessary development. In other words, the focus shouldn’t be so much on the story, but more so on the characters in the story. Story will unfold naturally as a result of solid character development. The characters are the ones who bring life to the story, not necessarily the plot.
Another takeaway, which could be generalized outside of design/storytelling to any field or area really, is that because humans are weak and our homes and studios etc are our personal spaces, it is very easy to take it easy in these places. So if you really want to get stuff done, it is often better to find other places. Inoue, for example, has a multitude of cafes that he goes to to do his “name development” part of the weekly routine which is essentially the brainstorming of what he will write and draw for the week’s chapter. Throughout the week, he rotates different cafes he goes to work. He even reaches the point of labeling them, one might be more of a warm-up place while another one is more lucky and reserved for tight situations when a deadline is soon approaching. I think this sort of going outward to work thing is something that I’ve tried to avoid in the past, but maybe he’s right. Maybe, it would be more productive. Also, I feel like it could give rise to spontaneous situations, perhaps, not that one should count on such things.
A random thought that I had earlier or the other day that maybe I should give some more consideration to is the idea of ditching going for the Japanese minor so that I can take that time instead for focusing on taking creative writing classes, design classes, and other things that I think might be more impactful for the areas that I might want to go for in the future. One thing that I would need to do first though is ensure that there’s enough classes that fit this bill that would actually require me to not go for the minor. More on this another time though.
A final takeaway that is more about life in general and that sort of seconds some of the sentiments shared at the alumni dinner the other day is that it is best to always put oneself in a position where you can progress. Everyone has room for progress in some way or another. Even a master in the master’s art. There’s always some way that you can go about progressing yourself. But sometimes, you can end up putting yourself in a position where this progress cannot really come because what you’re involved in is too easy for you or something along those lines. So it is important to always be sure that you keep yourself in positions where you can progress. This applies to all avenues and walks of life not just in terms of skills. Thank you, Mr. Inoue. You are an inspiration. I DEFINITELY wanna read Slam Dunk and Vagabond now. LET’S GO.
Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson
