Tuesday 6 January 2015
Dear Good Sir,
I listened to another podcast today that really makes me question what the nature of memory and truth is, comparatively to the effect Serial had on me. It was a Radiolab podcast called Outside Westgate which was about the Westgate shopping mall shooting which took place in Nairobi, Kenya. Terrorists walked into a shopping mall and started just shooting, and a battle ensued which last a few days apparently. Reporters attempted to find out what was happening inside from the outside, asking people who escaped. The producer for this story who was a reporter there explained different eye-witness accounts that he received.
The issues start to come up when after the event had taken place, FBI and other investigation teams were invited in to figure out what happened. Tons and tons of eyewitness accounts told how there were 10-15 shooters during the attack which was what was reported at the time. There was also talk of the terrorists being multi-racial with blacks, arab, and there even being one white woman among them, as well as a multitude of other stories, many said by multiple people independently.
But the investigation teams came in, reviewed all of the security footage from the multiple cameras around the mall, then came out later saying many things that just didn’t match up with the tons and tons of eyewitness accounts. For example, they claim that there were only 4 terrorists and all of them were al-Shabaab members (terrorist group). Nothing about a British woman or a myriad of other stories mentioned by many eyewitnesses. One crazy story mentioned was of a lady that was hiding under a table who KNOWS she saw two of the terrorists, who she says were about 17 years in age, were wearing long sleeve shirts. But the images of the four terrorists showed no long sleeves. 
Essentially, the report by the investigators just completely went against the majority of the eyewitness reports making this whole thing VERY hard to reconcile for the survivors. It almost made it seem like the FBI and others were trying to cover something up. How the heck could this woman who was THERE, be said to be wrong by the people investigating who were not there but only using security camera footage and investigation after the fact to make their report.
Then, there was a whole other part about a man who lost his wife in the shooting who KNOWS he saw one of the terrorists escape having seen the man drop his weapon and escape with the crowd. But no one believed him or were in the state of mind to do anything about it at the time. Then weeks or months later, he spots the man randomly at a bar and calls up the reporter giving the story to come and to contact the police and such. Then when the police question the man, there is a shady proceeding as the man first says he’s from Kenya after telling the other man he’s from Yemen, then he ends up showing his passport which says he’s from Yemen then he’s starts saying he’s Yemen. Then, the other man was supposed to go in as a witness against the Yemen terrorist a few days later, but ended up not due to getting threats via phone the next days after to not go in or say anything about the terrorists. And the terrorist ended up getting released. What the heck???
The reporter even took steps to figure out if the investigators were lying about the camera footage by interviewing a documentary director whose team got full access to the classified tapes. The team went very thoroughly through the hundreds of hours of footage. But even they didn’t see anything about multiple terrorists, also corroborating the four man terrorist theory. And the director also helped give possible explanations for some of the eyewitness reports.
And now, a year later, and there’s no better answer than what the investigators gave. Yet, many are still perplexed at this whole thing. I, for one, am absolutely shaken by this. I want to shout FBI conspiracy theory or something, but who knows? But it’s just so hard to shake some of the eyewitness stories. There’s just no explanations for the lack of explanation by the camera footage. The lady KNOWS what she saw the terrorists wearing.
Which brings in the question of the nature of memory. In terms of this lady, for example, she was so confident before the investigators’ report. She knew what she saw in her memory. But then this report came out and suddenly things didn’t make sense. From her perspective, this suddenly seems like either the investigators’ are lying or somehow her memory is wrong or her mind is lying to her or something. Then after learning from the reporter that the investigators’ at least weren’t lying, she’s left unsure of what to think. Could she have remembered the wrong thing? Maybe she saw someone else wearing those long sleeve shirts? But could she have such a vivid picture and story with the pregnant lady and all, and even some of her thoughts and perceptions about the terrorists, yet have what they were wearing wrong? What’s going on here???
Then, from my perspective as an outside observer or even from her perspective as someone that was there, what does truth really mean at this point? When it comes down to it, we just want to hear what our minds are screaming at us to believe, that the eyewitness accounts are right and something either screwy or corrupt happened regarding the camera footage. People may try to give us these speculative explanations for some of the conflicting reports, but we don’t want to listen to that. But from a truth perspective, what if those explanations ARE right? We don’t want to believe them, so how could we even know? We don’t want to believe the investigator report, so there’s not really anything that can change it when you think about. 
What would it take to appease our frustrated minds that want the real truth? When the real truth, i.e. what literally happened that day, may have already been presented, but we don’t believe it? All that could really appease us is something that actually explains the eyewitness accounts and very likely would have to be evidence to support the eyewitnesses and discredit the investigators and camera footage. But what does that even look like? What evidence could even exist to do that? I’m not sure that there is any evidence that could do that.
When it comes down to it, all we have that could possibly be evidence is memory. But memory unfortunately doesn’t necessarily work as evidence in the same way that camera footage does. Memory is subject to manipulation by our minds and thoughts. So if we say that truth equals the actual happenings of that day, truth probably isn’t possible or obtainable. What really makes you question: what is truth then, or does it even really exist?
Even outside of this shooting, what is truth? I can sit here and record my whole life, detail by detail, doing my best to capture each memory just as it happened. But when it comes down to it, it won’t work, because memory doesn’t work that way. Memory is not an accurate portrayal of how something happened. The only accurate portrayal of how something happened is the actual physical moment of that thing happening. That present moment as it takes place. Outside of that, unfortunately, even with recording the present moment happening, that isn’t enough. Even if you recorded the event from all angles and those videos somehow could be compiled to perfectly capture that moment, you’d still be missing tons of sensory data in many forms. And even if you try to bring something like a machine that can record our memories as videos into the equation, I’d argue that even that wouldn’t work because I feel like our memories are still subject to change by our minds, likely even if you recorded the memories in real time as the person was experiencing something.
What am I trying to get at here? One, I am trying to give an understanding of the frustration that I face at feeling that truth, based on the definition given earlier at least, is unattainable. The same frustration that I feel with Serial, and that I am SURE that thousands and thousands of other listeners feel. That the truth: who really killed Hae; when and where it happened; who of Adnan and Jay are lying (likely both) and to what extent and why. None of that we will ever be able to know for sure in the sense of real truth. It’s just not possible. Even if both poured out everything: guess what. It wouldn’t work. For the exact same reasons I gave for Westgate. What if they have already told us the truth (even though we know for a fact that at least one is lying)? What would it take for us to believe the real truth if it is or has already been given. 
Truth is unattainable. In regards to all of the happenings in life. I don’t like it. But I don’t know that there’s anything that can be done besides letting go of the need to want the real truth. The best we can get is close to the truth. But we will always run into the problem and fear of whether the close to the truth that we think we have is actually the close to the truth that we think it is and not a lie. Agh. I hope the amount of words that I just poured out helps to give an idea of the frustration I feel.
Thanks, MFJ
Except I’m not done. I hate to do this, but I have more to write and I feel like I need a good separation from the novel I just wrote above in this journal already (turn that into a story for a game or something; it would work! Help demonstrate how truth is unattainable!).
This afternoon something took place which frustrated me to no end afterwards (outside of the podcast). I walked to the Outdoor Center to pay for WROLC, intending to go take pictures of the no-longer-a-mud-hole lake afterwards before walking to work. But I was running out of time in leaving and basically was set on just going straight to work, considering going to get my bike to speed things up. But as I left the Outdoor Center, guess who I saw leaving in front of me. Chelsea, duh. Despite my large number of false positives over the past few days in identifying her, I knew for a fact immediately that I knew that was her. She was just leaving the gym with another girl. 
But of course, you know me. I IMMEDIATELY said to myself, well I guess I’m not getting my bike then turned left and started taking the path past the bikes to reach Santa Teresa, thinking that they were headed back towards GovCo. But then as I am about to cross the street, I see them walking down Santa Teresa the way I’m going. At this point, I have already started collecting data to cross the street, and I’m not good with changing decisions like this that require me to stop what I am already in the process of doing or that require me to gather new data very quickly, otherwise I’d be at potential risk. So I continue with crossing the street which would put me walking in front of them. 
Despite them leaving the gym just in front of me, because of my speed-walking speed, I had a good lead in front of them. I had to turn my head to look for traffic to cross, but made it quick somehow and avoided even stopping and seeing them with my own eye then continued onto the sidewalk and continued forward. Not stopping to say anything. Not doing anything that I know that I should do. All feelings aside, if I want to get a meal with someone or whatever, and if I possibly may need to arrange such a thing in person to make that happen, then by all means, I should be taking the FIRST opportunity I have to go about that. But here I was, doing the exact opposite. Speed-walking and increasing the distance between us as fast as possible.
By the time I got to work (which I by the way, I barely made it to on time meaning if I had stopped I would have been late likely. But don’t give me those crap excuses anyway), I had had it with you. I wasn’t going to deal with this crap anymore. I just didn’t see any good reason to be putting up with this from you anymore; something that you’ve been doing for ages i.e. back in Lovett days too. 
Your avoidance tendencies just frustrate me to no end. I don’t really feel that a courting process like this is for you. I by no means am saying that I don’t think you are capable for such a process, because believe me you are. I’m just saying that you aren’t built for this. And these processes are SO stressful for me. I hate it so much going through this. And it’s always the same from you. I am making no comments about the success of these processes or anything along those lines. I am talking about how stressful you make it for me.
Which is why, I decided earlier to stop. To give up on it. I don’t want to be in this stressful position anymore. I am letting go of trying in that process. Not because I don’t think it’s going well; because really I have no real data either way to make any real conclusion. But because, I don’t feel like this process is fit for you or really worth going through. That’s how I felt earlier at least (also please forgive my transformation of talking AT you in the past few paragraphs when I was previously talking in a more past tense form at the you of that past time of when that was happening. I am writing this to the you of the future not the you of that past time, so the use of you in the past few paragraphs wasn’t warranted or correct (felt like I should give a formal stance on how I feel about the pronouns I use in my journals which is why I just wrote that)).
But on the way back home after work, I reasoned back at my self that had decided to give up that despite myself not thinking that it’s not worth trying, isn’t the chance, even if it’s miniscule, that it could work out worth it? In other words, shouldn’t I at least give it a try and not give up without a better reason to give up such as real data to make a conclusion of things not going well? I know it’s hard to get that data, but that’s another thing anyway unrelated from this we are talking about here.
And yes, I know that there’s a lot of mental suffering associated with this whole process for me, but I have another question, which was developed tonight after reading a random article about consciousness then a random spree of reading things about Buddhism that I undertook afterwards (randomly reading things is generally always a good thing, believe me). Isn’t it I whose creating all of this suffering? What I’m getting at is this: does all of that suffering need to be there? Couldn’t I do a better job with all of the mental stuff and perhaps, at least, reduce the suffering even if just slightly? Or remove the suffering altogether, or at least in spells, as long as I remember to focus on dropping the suffering?
I’d say yes to all of these rhetorical questions. This suffering does NOT have to be there. It’s only there because it’s been my habit for the past several years to create this suffering in the form of anxiety and worrying and such. But I can take steps right here, and right now, to help do away with the suffering. Or at least, to work towards changing these habits of creating the suffering, to by deduction, remove the suffering. How do I do any of this? I don’t know for sure for sure, but I’ve had some success tonight with just focusing on letting go of the suffering. It is  my mind that’s creating this suffering actively, so if I stop that creation process, then it should go away. 
Let’s make this a focus. To let go of the suffering. Really in all areas, but let’s focus on here for now. Remember this for your meditation. Life is good and let go of the suffering. I believe in you, bro.
Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson (for real this time).
