Wednesday 14 January 2015
Dear Good Sir,
Man, this is already been such a strange quarter so far. But good. It’s just the direction that one thing in particular this quarter has taken off to is at a much higher extent than I could have ever imagined. I refer obviously to how religion for me this quarter is going. My journey continued more today with going to the Chi Alpha meeting. Despite knowing for sure that I wanted to go, I was still a bit hesitant and nervous, more so for the big social part of it than anything else. Also Chelsea stuff obviously since that’s always a thing causing me deliberation for some reason.
I was greeted at the door which was nice, then entered right into singing worship time. I thought I spotted Chelsea manning the computer at the front, but wasn’t actually sure until I’d already sat down and Glen was in the middle, so I didn’t want to disturb anything to go say hi at this point. I felt like an observer for the most part during this initial worship section.
Before long, they did some announcements then we went into a meet and greet sort of section. I met a senior dude who seems part of the leadership. Then, Holly, from Potter, saw me and came over recognizing that she remembered from Potter. I vaguely explained my background and how I ended up here, and she said that she is actually more involved with IV (Brian’s group) and then I mentioned how I am going to visit there tomorrow as well, she inviting me as well, also mentioning that there’s a GovCo bible study group, so that’s good at least. That may work out better than XA’s small groups, but we’ll see. While I wanted to go over to talk to Chelsea, Holly approaching me ended up taking up all the meet and greet time, so I had postpone that for now.
Next, came the sermon. I was very distracted and prone to annoying mental comments at first for some reason. But I started focusing on pushing that away and focusing on the sermon. And wow. I started feeling like Glen had made this sermon just for me. It was about things regarding Jesus and believing in him and why and how, good for where I am currently. But I guess many may be at this spot too.
Some good takeaways were in his suggestion for how to “try out” Christianity and trying to believe fully in Jesus Christ: doing just that, in just putting full faith in Him for a month or so and fully practicing his teachings and seeing what happens. There’s four areas he mentioned specifically for the teachings part: 1. gratitude, 2. treat others how you want to be treated, 3. generosity, 4. attending things where the Spirit can be found like these meetings or church, etc. 
I think I’m going to try to focus on living this way. For 1, I absolutely totally agree with and will focus on being thankful more often and directing this thanks to God. He mentioned in the sermon how for those that are shaky, just think of it as, if you’re out there God, then good job and thank you. For 2, I feel like I do this pretty well in terms of treating others very well, but what I think I could focus much better on, which may not be as directly obvious from the statement, is treating myself how I treat others. As in, being kind and fair and generous in all the ways that I’d do this for others. I don’t feel like I do that enough. For 3, another I totally agree. For 4, I can discuss more later on.
After the sermon, Glen went into a prayer. This is when things really got interesting. Eventually, he reached a part of wanting to pray specifically for certain archetypes of where people in the room might be in terms of their faith. The first that he called out where for those that are unsure right now and needing a sign of some sort. He called out for us to raise our hands if we felt we fit what he was describing. It didn’t take long for me to feel that I fit into that group, but I was nervous to raise my hand. But then, I thought about his point that all of our eyes are closed, and anyway, why would it matter? So when he gave a second chance and called out again, I then raised my hand. Thank you for that second call out. He prayed that God will reveal Himself to us in such a way that we just know.
When it comes down to it, that’s all I can really ask for right now. That’s what I need. I’m ready to give in. But I need a sign. Something that I’d just know immediately, ah YES! I have no clue what that might be, but it doesn’t even matter. Surprise me, God! I just need a sign. Something to push me forward.
One thing that I started thinking about around now was that I was feeling like I am being selfish in asking God for a sign. I feel like I’ve been given signs my whole life. Wonderful things to be thankful for. Aren’t I wrong in not fully accepting these and asking for something more? But I don’t know, I don’t think so. If anything, those things are in the past. I am asking for something here presently. Here when I am so close, so ready. There’s nothing wrong in asking God for something. Especially something that is specifically for helping in believing.
I think another thing that I want to talk to Glen about though and that may be another barrier to full faith is having trouble fully putting my trust in God. I just don’t feel like I can necessarily expect God to fulfill my every wish as that’s ridiculous. But then, I’m not sure how I feel about asking for anything really or at least in a sense of really expecting what I’m asking for to actually be delivered. How do I know I can really trust in something actually happening? What if God has a better plan for me or something? I almost feel like it’d be better not to ask for anything at all then? I don’t know. It’s confusing.
Furthermore, another barrier I see, but one that might not be as tall as it might have been in the past, is in my hesitancy to really show religiousness outwardly if I were to reach a state of full faith. Or even before that point too. I just feel like I am often scared, even among a room filled with believers and people that would be nothing but excited to see me filled with Spirit. I was getting nervous and anxious during the prayer and afterwards of worrying about being called out directly and attention being placed on me. It’s just hard for me to feel comfortable expressing myself in that way.
But in all honesty, I’d like nothing more than to experience being filled with Spirit and just talking away with it and praying and all of that. Being filled with that emotion and faith. I see others experiencing it and have seen it before. And I always question is it real? If so, I really want to be open to this and experience it. Really, I could feel some of the emotions and feelings hitting me tonight, I think bounced off of others. Especially during the prayer when I raised my hand. I thought for a moment that I was about to be moved to tears, but after opening my eyes could feel that I wasn’t quite at that point, but was definitely feeling something.
I am fully ready to dive into full faith. I just need that sign. Something to know that God’s there and watching over me. In all honesty tonight, I already put Jesus above everything else. Over Chelsea. In that, getting a sign from God is more important than things working out with her. Yeah. Whoa. One thought that occurred to me earlier when I made that decision just to note was that I know God will always be there, which I cannot necessarily say about earthly things, so that’s just something to remember.
That doesn’t mean that I don’t want things to work out though. I do. In fact, I really do. I just don’t know how I feel about really expecting God to deliver that to me. I feel a bit wrong if I were to really ask for that. Would it be? It just feels unfair somehow. To her? To God? I don’t know. It’s really confusing. I was saying earlier how I don’t expect this to be the sign. And I mean that. But maybe I should truly ask for this and trust in God for it to work out. Maybe that’s just what I need to do.
In terms of Chelsea stuff, despite, again, the lack of response to message/texting, today’s in person interaction with her after the meeting, AGAIN, was very positive and reinforcing. It’s just like, no matter how much my mind wants to analyze that it isn’t working out based on her lack of responding to what I send, the in-person (and over phone too I suppose) just seem to outweigh and keep reminding me not to give up. My brain shouts at me that it just cannot compute this lack of response. But then I remember all of the in person interactions and I really just can’t shake it.
So, I’m still not giving up. I realize now that she is definitely probably going to be away at the conference this weekend, so that may delay my plans for action for now. But I’ll just have to reconsider and figure out another plan outside of this weekend. Maybe, I should trust in God for guidance.
In terms of going to these meetings and even IV frequently, I don’t know. The current timing of them right now unfortunately isn’t too nice. I was pretty late for SJEC tonight as a result. I just don’t feel right leaving early from something like this. It just, no. I’m not sure I can do that. And SOOP tomorrow is even closer in time to IV’s meeting. I don’t know if I can do this regularly this quarter. But at the same time, even going to some of these wonderful events is better than nothing, yes? So maybe I just need to figure out something. The bible study/small groups might be a good thing to focus on, in fact.
So another eventful day for my faith. And now I have Mere Christianity to read. So, the journey continues right away. Where it takes me next we shall see. I will keep look out for a sign though. That’s what I really want and need right now.
Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson
