Wednesday 28 January 2015
Dear Good Sir,
Today was a good day for me. And surprisingly so. I’m still not quite sure what it was. It really started this evening, perhaps, at dinner with Chelsea. At some point, I just started noticing this “high” of sorts of content and happiness. It’s hard to describe really, but I was just feeling good. I guess one thing that may have contributed to it was feeling dinner with Chelsea really at home and comfortable in my own body and skin even in her presence. This is noteworthy as this certainly wasn’t the case a few weeks ago.
She talked about how she feels that she has changed since last week, and I can certainly say the same, but definitely as a result of the protest and days after and even up to now. My perspective has changed. I’ve really been focusing since last week to end all of the stupid anxiety and worry that I’ve fell victim to end the past. It just doesn’t make sense in memory of the protest. It’s just so miniscule and unimportant in comparison. So much so too. Just not worth the time or energy.
And all of this may have been contributing to the goodness I was feeling tonight. God was certainly blessing me. I was feeling totally good with socializing, which I had to do a lot of today. I was just feeling comfortable and put together. Maybe, it was mostly feeling that dinner went well i.e. caused by external factors, but at the same time, I think that definitely there has been some change internally that has helped. Hopefully, I can bring out this goodness more often.
In terms of Chelsea stuff though, after seeing her again today, I can definitely say that I do feel the same way about her that I did before. It’s just a matter of whether I want to take action. But as I’ve been pointing out, I don’t need to make a decision about that any time soon. In terms of Mina, I am definitely backing away from that wondering by my own personal volition as I don’t feel that it’s warranted, at least not right now. I’ll be open to the idea of the subject of the wondering, but won’t really allow that until farther down the road, farther down the year. 
My biggest focus and priority instead is on strengthening the friendships that I have with both Chelsea and Mina. Keeping that with both of them is definitely more important, at least right now I suppose. Maybe in the future, I’ll feel so strongly that I am willing to take a risk, and I suppose that would be the point that I feel the spontaneity and motivation to take action. So let’s watch and see on this journey that I have embarked on.
Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson
