Wednesday 10 December 2014

Dear Good Sir,

So I told Gina about Chelsea today at lunch. One thing that she said that seconds a worry that I had was that maybe I should take some sort of action sooner than all the way to next quarter. Not necessarily action, but that I should make an effort to talk to her during the break. But I don’t have her number since I didn’t jump on the potential opportunity I could have created for that. I guess there’s Facebook, but I almost feel weird about that. I don’t really see any other options outside of being uber direct, in such a way that I feel might be farther than I’d be comfortable with (i.e. FB’ing for her number...yeah…).

I am over at El Cerrito now though (because of a huge storm headed for the bay area tomorrow, so I came now to get here before it arrives), so I guess I’ll get Ray-Ray’s input. I’d probably prefer waiting till next quarter despite the wait. But we shall see.

Also, I don’t know what you’re up to with all of this “praying” all the time. I am finding you su




Tuesday 9 December 2014

Dear Good Sir,

Check yo self! I don’t know what these feelings of meh that have overcome me the past few hours are about, but I don’t think they belong. You were so happy and content after work after you had just been reading, but something changed somewhere. What the hell happened? All that took place in between was Destiny, which was frustrating, yes, but I don’t really see that being the cause. Knowing me, it is probably that a seed of negativity was planted at some point and grew while I wasn’t looking. But what?

Looking deep, part of it almost feels like it is hopelessness regarding Chelsea. Which makes no sense. Where the heck did you get that from? Since when was that hopeless? Is it that you don’t want to wait a month or something? I can recall some thinking now regarding whether you think she would be expecting more action right now opposed to later. But where did you get hopelessness from there, yo? In fact, I don’t know at all how you could have reached that conclusion at all, especially, since there has been absolutely nothing that has changed since last night. No new info. No new action. No new anything.

In fact, if anything, you should be happy right now because one thing regarding her potentially that has changed or appeared is this EPA march on Thursday which could possibly present another opportunity to see her before the break begins (outside of chance encounters). So perk up, dude. I know you can handle a month of waiting before I allow you to really start thinking about the matter and start thinking about action, etc. Or if you can’t, then imagine 5 months in Japan, HA! You wouldn’t last a second. So let’s get better about this. I understand what you think of her and how you feel or want to feel anyway, since I am pushing off a lot of it right now temporarily. But it’s not time yet. Be patient. I have a lot of self-reflection to do before that point arrives.

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson




Monday 8 December 2014

Dear Good Sir,

Oh my. So much on my mind. I don’t know where to begin besides with stating that there’s so much on my mind. I guess I should go in order. Like usual…

So as you know, I’ve been looking forward to today for the past few days because of something in particular: a meal with Ms. Chelsea Green. Which turned out to be dinner. I was worrying all day (literally) whether this would happen at all. And, something that I’ll be coming back to later in the journal for a particular reason, I was even thinking about this encounter last night a lot while I was having trouble sleeping, in terms of planning ahead and planning the email to send her this morning. This is part of the reason why I was worrying all day whether it would happen, because of email. Use Facebook or in person in the future PLEASE gah. I sent her a message this morning after my exam saying let’s just do dinner since she hadn’t responded to the message a few days ago. But she didn’t respond to this one, so I wasn’t sure. If I had just used Facebook, I would have seen that she read the message and BAM, no worrying (outside of the numerous ways that my mind always finds ways often, unfortunately).

But yes. It happened. I had dinner tonight with Chelsea. And wow. It went so many ways that I just wasn’t expecting. At all! PLOT TWISTS ALL AROUND. Kinda. Uh. I already did some listing out earlier of things that I learned about her which can be attached to this specific journal, so I don’t feel compelled to write it all out in prose form. Instead I’ll just focus on things that I want to focus on (duh?). I think I am just avoiding jumping in. Or I don’t know where to begin.

Well first of all, Chelsea is really awesome, and I am quite surprised by how much we have in common. It’s mainly two things that we share, but two big things. The first is that we both were raised just by our moms and come from low income backgrounds. I group those two things together since I feel like the former unfortunately makes it easier for the latter to happen. In fact, the way that Chelsea and I originally met is actually through Questbridge. Perhaps, I did see her again at the CDC or whatever, but Questbridge was that initial connection and one that still connects us strongly now.

The second thing is that we are both multiracial. After some initial talking, we went into talking about ourselves, her going second. In her’s she mentioned without me asking (as I totally was planning to ask) that she’s multiracial, her mother half black and her father white. I immediately responded that I am too, and TOTALLY identified with her complaints of people always saying that she’s racially ambiguous. She also seems to greatly care for black blood and perhaps even put it above the rest of her blood, like I do. 

Later on, she asked me if I am active with the black community or not. With some difficulty, I tried to explain how I haven’t been for reasons hard to explain, but that I really want to, a realization that I came to just this quarter. She feels the same way, and in fact, after hearing her explanation of why she has had trouble trying to fit in, I realize I’ve basically had the same trouble. Basically, she feels uncomfortable often because she doesn’t completely look black to everyone, so she feels left out and such. I feel a similar way though I’d say it’s more so that I often don’t feel “black” enough as in more so looking at who I am and my behavior and such more so than what I look like, but that factors in a little bit. She mentioned how they have weekly meetings, so that may be an avenue in which we can enter.

We also have our differences though which is certainly a good thing. Something else she mentioned about herself earlier on is that she is Christian, having become Christian while at Stanford, and the Chi Alpha group is something that is a big part of her life here. Also, after working there in the summer, she goes to the Tenderloin (an area in SF almost comparable to East Palo Alto in terms of EPA’s relationship with neighboring Palo Alto) to do ministry every Sunday. 

Her religiousness is one of the bigger things that has caused a lot to be on my mind right now. Towards the end of our meal, I decided to broach mentioning my religious views to be transparent (and why would I feel the need to be transparent...hmm…). I mentioned how I totally identify with what she described her views before she became Christian, as the believing in everything sort of thing. I mentioned how I was really this way in high school and such despite my Christian upbringing, but that since I’ve been at Stanford, I’ve sort of just stayed in and out of this state, but not really thinking about religion and my views and such since I’ve been here. But that it’s something else besides my racial identity that I’d like to explore before I leave.

So she said she would also send me emails about Chi Alpha/invited me to that. Which starts to lead towards what’s on my mind. I feel like part of my motivation for parts of the things that I brought up during our meal was almost as selling myself to her. Especially the “my” religious views part. But I’m getting ahead of myself now. I think it was growing during the meal itself, but once we left, my mind started exploding about her as I went back. I was so totally wanting to jump on board with liking her. But at the same time, I felt a part of me pushing away from this. Which is part of what’s still going through me right now.

Part of me wants to call her “the girl of my dreams” or “the girl that I’ve been waiting forever to meet”, etc etc. Part of what is pushing at me to not feel this way (there’s another part of me pushing but that’s for another reason, and I’ll get to that in a bit) is her Christian identity. Why? I think something along the lines of feeling that this makes me not eligible for her or something. Because I don’t see myself ever really living and breathing being religious or Christian more specifically.

But that is totally ridiculous as I don’t think I’d have to be Christian to be with her. Beyond that, I also think it’s unfair to yourself to not give yourself a chance with Christianity. One thing that I REALLY want to avoid, just to be clear, is deciding to become Christian on a whim for her. No. In fact, I will say right here and right now, I will do no such thing no matter what. If I am to become Christian, or any religion for that matter, I will do it independently from my OWN desire and for nobody else.

I would totally try to call you out on that, as in what the heck, you weren’t even thinking about any of this until she showed up, but that’s not totally true. As I mentioned before, in addition to my racial identity, my religious/spiritual views are something else that I have been avoiding all of these years and something that I really need to sit down and think about and just explore soon. It’s not that she put this need to rethink my religious/spiritual views there, but that she finally gave me a reason to actually consider doing it instead of continuing to avoid it.

Another reason that I know it’s something that was already there and not something that I am putting here because I want to jump on the boat of liking her, is because of what I did last night (and for other reasons, the night before). I prayed to Lord God. What the heck? Believe me, I haven’t been normally doing that. In fact, this was TOTALLY and COMPLETELY out of the blue to some extent. It was my desperation over really wanting the dinner with Chelsea to happen that contributed to it happening at all.

What’s striking to me though and what makes me want to really take some time very soon to think about my religious/spiritual views is that I started praying last night randomly then what happened today. I “met” Chelsea, someone who, I had ABSOLUTELY no idea beforehand, is very religious after becoming so here at Stanford. And believe me, I really didn’t know. When she started talking about, I literally was surprised. But think about it, what are the chances of this all happening? It almost feels like the Universe or God, I suppose, trying to say something to me. It’s the sort of thing that even if you put Chelsea out of the equation, I think I’d go through with exploring my religious/spiritual identity anyway. It’s a thing that makes me totally want to jump on the boat of trying out religion again.

But Chelsea is in the equation (well not really, at least in the sense that my religious/spiritual views or decisions regarding them, at least, are independent from her and others). And I’ll be frank. I REALLY want to like her. And a lot. As I was saying before, her very existence screams at me, divine love, or something like that. She just seems like “(the) one” (with the the in parentheses because I don’t necessarily believe in just one divine love for any individual, but several potentials, but that’s another journal for another day).

I do know for sure right now though that it’s that I want to like her. Not that I want to like that I think she might like me, though there is a little bit of that, but I cannot at all be certain of that being the case anyway. But how do I know? Because of something I stupidly termed the Maddi effect (let’s not keep that term). By that I just mean the fact that I was getting extremely nervous today before dinner and could notice that nervousness during the meal (like my hands wanting to shake as I tried to eat with chopsticks) though I was doing a good job of keeping it under control.

(Addendum which I am pointing out because I feel that I should point out that this is being added in a day later) In terms of the little bit of I wanting to like that I think she might like me: my few suspicions for why I think she might like me is her always happily approaching me whenever we happen upon each other (which has happened quite a lot this quarter, come to think of it). In addition, part of it is tonight and how she was behaving and her expressions and her laughter and certain things she said and I don’t know. Also, she was dressed mighty fine. And in such a way that I am not sure I’ve seen her like in any of the random encounters, which makes me think, is this for me? But I also have no way of really knowing if any of this means anything. Especially since she seems like the very friendly, social type. Also, as you know, I have quite the tendency to over-analyze things. So who knows, yo?

What’s that other thing that’s making me hold off though? Because I already pushed the religion stuff out of the door in terms of being an issue, so it’s not that anymore. It’s that I don’t want to have suffer is why. I don’t want to lose myself to her right now. Because, outside of perhaps a random encounter, I probably won’t see her for a month. Furthermore, I won’t be able to do anything in terms of taking action for a month, but probably even longer than that. I don’t want to suffer in that, yo. Don’t make me. Please. Control yourself. Be patient. Wait. Don’t fall for her completely just yet if at all.

My proposition to you, which I have to thank you for waiting for since I’ve been telling you the past hour to just wait until the end of the journal, is this: Give it a month. Let’s just keep her in the zone of potentials for now. And wait. Let’s wait until the very end of the break to even think about anything related to taking action. This will spare you from suffering right now in addition to allowing yourself some time to be sure that this isn’t a fluke and that you aren’t tricking yourself here about her.

Instead, let’s do some deep thinking this break about my religious and spiritual views in addition to myself as a whole. As I discovered a few hours ago, I apparently ordered What Dreams May Come. Yeah. How the hell did I forget about that? So let’s read that and use that as a starting point to launch the deep thinking, since that’s the origin and source of my current views. So it’ll be good to go back and see where that book sits with you right now to try to figure out where you are. From there, we can figure out later.

So you got that, bro? WAIT FOR NOW, PLEASE. Do it for me. This is my request.

Thank you God, Universe, Higher Power, etc.

Marcus Francium Jackson

P.S., Notes on Chelsea:
Poli sci, interest in international security
Studies Portuguese, wants to go to Brazil
Going to Stanford in Washington in spring
Raised by mom, single mother household
Cool with her dad now tho
Lots of step-siblings, close with her older step-sister (10 years apart or so)
Also low income background, first gen
Questbridge scholar too
From LA
Has family in new york and new jersey
Says she likes hiking
Multiracial, black/white
Has had trouble fitting in with blacks because people don’t tend to think that she’s black
Wants to become more involved with black community at Stanford
Became a Christian at Stanford, active with chi alpha which is a big group for her
After working in the Tenderloin (similar to East Palo Alto in some ways in SF) during the summer in ministry, she continues to go there every Sunday for ministry






Sunday 7 December 2014

Dear Good Sir,

This doesn’t necessarily fit into this journal super well, but I have been meaning to journal about this for a few days, and I see no point in delay, and I also might be good for me to go ahead do this before tomorrow. It’s simply a question that I wish to answer: what type of woman are you looking for? Very simple, yes? Just kidding. No, it ain’t.

After some thinking the past few days, the best answer I could give without having a ton ton of constraints (because that’s what it comes down to really, applying constraints, on top of the ones that automatically exist, to the huge population that is the women of the world) is the following: I seek a woman that loves me for who I am and accepts me for who I am, no matter what. I seek a woman that is willing to do the things that I enjoy regardless if that is something she normally does or even if it’s just for me. I seek a woman that is an explorer at heart and is willing to try new things and be adventurous in a variety of ways including things that I might suggest. And to appease the male instincts in me that exist for every other guy as well in some form: I seek a woman that is beautiful and funny and willing to engage in sexual activities. There.



The previous part of the journal is a good segue into this part: I ran into Chelsea on Friday morning after finishing my 131 pset. If you recall, I had been planning since going to the protest that Wednesday that the next time I saw her, I’d ask if she’d like to get a meal with me some time. Pretty much solely as a way to get to know her better and scout for future actions. I just honestly don’t know much of anything about her right now, and I’d like to change that regardless of any possible future actions on my part.

David was with me when she approached me though (I also felt a slight heartbeat increase from seeing her at all outside of David being there), so I didn’t feel quite as comfortable asking her then even though I just should have. I ended up deciding that afternoon since I happened to get her email through forwarding a protest follow-up email to her, that I’d just email her to set up a meal together. She responded to this email yesterday morning saying yes and suggesting Monday as in tomorrow now.

I am just journaling about this course of events because, well, it isn’t really a course of events. Nothing much has happened yet. That will be tomorrow. In terms of tomorrow (which I don’t know exactly what time of day this is happening yet), I’d like to just brainstorm a few things in order to have questions and pieces of information about her to try to find out over the course of the meal, i.e. I’m just trying to be prepared in general for this...gathering? Don’t try to call it anything else, yo.

I’ll list that now in NO PARTICULAR order (well I guess it’s the order in which I thought of them...): major, hometown, background and story, ambitions (in terms of career, where to live, etc), family, Stanford experience, hobbies, free time activities, clubs, personality (doesn’t necessarily warrant a direct question, but can be pieced together through interactions), ethnicity, travel experience, travel desire, sense of exploration (again maybe doesn’t warrant a direction question, but indirect ones to gauge), languages, favorite books and authors and movies…

That’s all I got for now. But I’m sure you’ll add more for me. I expect an extensive report on her tomorrow night. Just kidding. I think? You may wish to remember though. We shall see. Remember, my only official goal tomorrow is to get to know her better and scout out for future action. Nothing more. Seriously.

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson






Saturday 6 December 2014

Dear Good Sir,

Earlier tonight, I had started writing to you about a decision I was having trouble making. But that has sort of passed now, with the decision never made, but conceited into indecision land and too late to act. The decision was regarding whether I wanted to go to the protest tonight. I heard about it offhand and as hearsay from Dan an hour or two before it was supposed to be starting. For whatever reason, I didn’t get an email about it though which makes this last minute sort of thing especially since I was already at Cbae at this point and all. 

On top of the last minute feel of it (though I guess I did find out about the other one with amount the same time frame), I read an article about another killing this week by a white police officer of a black male, this one, at first seeming like it may not be as unjustified as the others, but then after further reading seems even worse in the sense that it almost seems like the police are trying to change the story and cover up this one (as if that hasn’t happened in the rest of the cases too).

But it was that and having a conversation with JPang about the perspective from the police’s side that had me thinking about the idea of what if the protesting is partly about one thing that I don’t feel the same way about but then is also protesting about something I do feel strongly about. By protesting, I am tacitly supporting both regardless if I say to myself that I am going only to support the thing that I am supporting. Do I not protest because I am not on board, or do I still protest because I have responsibility to the part that I do support?

When it comes down to it, I don’t really have any problem with anything they are protesting for. I think what was making me hesitant tonight was more so just worrying about potential legal consequences of protesting. Which is legit I suppose. But what was really causing the problem was feeling bad about this being the case. Feeling that I can’t let something like this stop me as this is the organizers’ biggest issue of people getting too scared to protest. And especially in this case, I don’t necessarily have much too worry about. Nothing happened to suggest legal consequences would be more likely. I just actually started thinking about such things instead of rushing into it like last time.

Well anyway, I ended up letting it go too past 8 in deciding which prevented me from being able to go at all. Also, I started to reason that I wasn’t fit to protest tonight anyway as I wasn’t in the right mental space for it. Yes, I need to be a bit faster in the future in reaching a decision and mentally preparing myself for the activity. Creating some sort of heuristic or something right now that can help me make a decision faster in the future would help. I guess I’ll just say it now: the next time a protest is announced or I hear about it as hearsay, I will act on it regardless as long as I don’t have an important commitment in the way such as a final (not sure about meetings as I could justify my way out of that in some cases at least). I will hold myself to that. You must also be in the proper mental space though. I do expect a better effort in reaching that space as soon as possible if the other conditions meet though. I believe in you and your ability to protest and demonstrate! A second civil rights movement could be upon us, bro! Think about it. You could be a part of this. WHOA. It’s crazy, but it could really be the case. Stay alert and stay informed please.

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson




Friday 5 December 2014


Dear Good Sir,

So over the past few days, I’ve talked to others about my experience and talked to others about their experiences regarding the protest. One thing that I definitely want to bring up is that there’s a good explanation for why the numbers seemed to half during the protest which I only noticed really upon arriving back on campus. It’s because the numbers did half. Not because people ditched but rather, there was a second operation that went on that night. Somehow without me and probably with a lot of others noticing, half of the group went to highway 101 where the blocked both sides and stopped traffic! Yeah. WHOA. 

I have no clue the logistics of how they got everyone there though I heard something about cars and such. I was thinking when I first about it that I wish I had been part of the group that went. But after hearing some things and some reconsidering, I am not totally sure. First, I should say that it turned out fine and they had success there. It’s just I feel like it was not a totally reasonable thing for them to do. What really scares me is their method for actually stopping the traffic on the highway: walking out onto the highway and hoping they stop. WUT. That’s kinda crazy. What if they don’t? Besides this un-safety, just thought of any sort of accident being caused by this could have been REALLY bad for the protest, beyond lives as well.

On top of the un-safety, I had heard that the highway patrol finally kicked them off. What I learned later though was that some had batons out. And I saw pictures online of a standoff-ish sort of thing though it certainly wasn’t really bad like you see in other parts of the country. But still. My viewpoint on Wednesday was that the police were not for us but weren’t against us either. That we were lucky as students that they would treat us nicely and focus on ensuring our safety as well as the safety of everyone out there by clearing the way for us and such. But not necessarily. They do have a job to try to stop these protests if possible. I suppose Wednesday, either they didn’t have the numbers or just didn’t want to actually try to stop us who were in Downtown Palo Alto.

I also had been wondering how the police found out about the protest, especially so fast. I saw a police motorcycle on Palm Dr before we had even reached the first intersection. I suppose there’s probably something pretty obvious about 400+ people gathering together in White Plaza. But at the same time, I almost feel like the police either had been tipped off by random people or by the organizers themselves. After hearing what happened with highway 101 and such, I almost feel like it wasn’t the organizers. In addition, I’ve heard that the identities of the organizers are being kept pretty secret. Sure, we got to see and hear their names on Wednesday, but when the leaders were decided whenever that was, it was a very secret thing. I guess it would be bad if the police were to find out who the organizers are in terms of stopping the protest before it can start. Also, the logistics and strategies of the protest are supposedly secret too. This is some serious business.

But successful business if I can say so. Beyond all of the media attention with good understandings of the motives and non-violent policies of the protesting, something came out today that signals, to me at least, that the protests have been pretty successful so far. The Vice Provost sent out an email. I was expecting this email to say something about wanting the protesting to stop. As in, as I started reading, I kept seeing each paragraph as the positive paragraph before a huge “but.” But it didn’t happen. And in fact, he expressed that he is proud of those actively expressing themselves. There was never a direction reference to the protests themselves, but it’s obvious that he is talking about that. And the rest of the email was all positive too, simply saying that it is our responsibility to be aware of these national issues and be informed and discuss, etc. All positive. Good job, Silicon Shutdown. BRAVO!

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson




Wednesday 3 December 2014

Dear Good Sir,

I think tonight has to honestly be the most amazing experience that I’ve ever had during my Stanford experience (and probably will ever have, unless I do something similar again). I joined my brothers and sisters in protesting the lack of indictment of another police officer in the killing of a fellow American, black man, and human, Eric Garner. As a quick explanation of what happened to Garner, police approached him for selling untaxed cigarettes, then an officer put him in a chokehold (which is actually banned by NYPD) and when he resisted, several other officers came around him and brought him to the ground still in a chokehold. Garner cried “I can’t breathe” several times, and died several minutes later.

My anger and upsetness and frustration is very high even still right now. What makes this particular case even more troubling is that the whole incident was recorded by a phone camera and is all over the internet. So unlike with Trayvon Martin and Michael Brown, there is absolutely NO question of what happened. The whole thing was recorded. A murder was effectively recorded. Yet, somehow, for some reason, the jury decided not to indict the officer (indict being bring to trial). Why. What the hell is wrong with this country?

I found out about the protest a few hours before, and on a whim decided to go, but my resolve was strengthened after researching and learning the circumstances of what happened to Garner. I went with Mina and Tristan. We arrived in White Plaza around 7 PM as people were starting to show up. I began to become surprised and more surprised to recognize people here and there. There was a lot of waiting around as people signed up and we waited for more to show up. I felt a bit unsure about how I felt right then and how I wanted to engage with everyone since there were a bunch of Arroyans and other people I recognized. I just wasn’t sure I was in the mood to laugh and such. I was upset.

Something that struck me in the intro and rallying speeches before we set out was that the girl emphasized that this was about being seen and being visible. And that it is important that the ones being targeted in what we are protesting, i.e. blacks, really must be visible. So in that vein, that allies give the space to allow those being targeted to be visible. I never would have thought about it like that and that such a thing would be necessary to say and emphasize, but I suppose I do see the point of it.

Before long, we set off headed for downtown Palo Alto, 500+ strong. And so began the non-stop chanting that would define the rest of the march. It didn’t take long for me to get accustomed to the several different chants that we were saying over and over. Time seemed to be passing in strange fashion. Almost fast but also sort of slow as in I was very aware of our every step. 

We reached Palm Dr and that is when things really started. As we passed the Oval, walking in the street on the right side, I was thinking to myself at the time, we really need to get over to the sidewalk. Why aren’t we going over to the sidewalk…? Then we entered right into the middle of the street on Palm Dr and after a few moments, it began to set in what we were doing. We are going to walk in the streets. “Out of the dorms, into the streets” as the chant goes.

We weren’t even past the turns for the parking lots for the museum and concert hall when I noticed a police motorcycle on our left driving down the sidewalk the same direction as us. Worry entered me as I watched the man and wondered what he would do. Is he going to try to stop us? I also began noticing public safety vehicles as well. We reached the Campus Dr intersection before long where things got real, really fast. Before we entered the intersection, the police motorcycle and public safety vehicles drove out as if blocking the cars, not us.

Upon entering the intersection we stopped. Like literally. Just stopped. Stopped walking that is. Our chanting only got stronger. This is what a protest is then. We are literally disrupting the people. You are going to see us. We are shutting things down for the sake of the people and cause that we march for. As we stood there just chanting on, I suddenly heard something that immediately ticked me off. Some of the car drivers had the nerve to start honking at us. Instead of moving on, we kept on standing there and chanting and I noticed a general focus of the group turn towards the direction of the honking cars as if saying, yeah, we aren’t going nowhere, listen and wake up. 

Eventually, we continued forward towards University Avenue, stopping at each intersection in order to continue our disruption efforts, with the police clearing the way for us. I do have to say that I appreciate the people in cars on Palm Dr that got stuck, but showed their support through sticking their thumb up out of the window. I became very hyped up upon walking under the Caltrain bridge. That felt like the moment when we were really entering the heart of Palo Alto and things were really getting going. 

We walked up to the first intersection outside that cafe to the left and Pizza My Heart and the fountain to the right. And we stopped. The leader announced 7 minutes of moment of silence. Then we sat down. In the middle of a busy intersection in Downtown Palo Alto. What a beautiful moment of my life. I began to remember what we were all here for and why were doing this. I remembered the people that lost their lives but did not receive justice.

Then I began to take in the moment. I was sitting in the middle of an intersection in Palo Alto. How amazing! Never before have I done something like this. I could feel the cold, wet ground below of the street. I felt the slight sprinkle over my body as the sky acknowledged our presence. I could see through my closed eyes the glow of green as the traffic lights said go but no one could follow their directions. The flashes of light from the police ahead of us also shined through my eyelids. I could hear the silence that really felt like a silence when you consider that we had just been chanting non-stop since we left White Plaza. I could also hear the water from the fountain outside Pizza My Heart helping me to remember just exactly we were. Finally, I could sense and feel the presence of my fellow brothers and sisters around me. I could feel the connection.

The 7 minutes complete, we stood up and started walking forward again. It was around this point that I really understood that the police and public safety vehicles were here for US not to stop us. They were ensuring our safety. I don’t know if that implicitly says that they agreed with our cause or what, but they certainly were going to be stopping us. This was also the moment when I started making a bit of an effort to be in the front of the group. I felt connected with my fellow brothers and sisters and wanted to give my all and my full presence. My desire to be here at this protest was at full blast.

One of the few moments of hostility towards us happened around this time. We stopped at the intersection up the block when a white man on the left side corner started shouting “GO HOME” at us over and over. I had a moment of panic unsure of what the response of the crowd would be. If anyone was any angrier than me then they didn’t really show per se as the main response was just people moving closer to him and sort of around him. Which could certainly be interpreted as hostility returned per se, but I was just happy that nothing more happened.

In contrast though, one highlight of positivity around this time was, in response to the leader’s call of “Out of your cars” and our response “into the streets”, apparently someone actually did get out of their car which caused some clapping. I don’t know if they actually started marching with us or not though.

I had another “whoa” moment a bit later on We were continuing down University Ave, having just stopped in front of the Apple store (and giving them a shout out in the “we shut it down” chant by the leader calling out “Apple”), when I started to think, how far are we going? We made a turn to the right after this then passed that random store that someone mentioned had some weird thing to look at outside. Then we were headed back towards University at the Pizza My Heart. My inclination was that we would be turning left and heading home now. But then, the “whoa” moment came when we turned right. We’re doing a loop. A loop. What the. That suddenly meant that we were going to be out here for awhile. Which is fine, but whoa that’s intense.

Even more intense was when we took turns for 2nd and 3rd and more loops. We even did another moment of silence around the 2nd or so. That’s when things changed for me. The female student that had been leading and calling in the call and response had been at it for awhile, so naturally her voice needed a break so during the second moment of silence, someone switched spots with her. There was a moment when I could have been the purpose that was holding the loudspeaker for the leader. But I’m not good at quick decisions like that, so I didn’t end up taking it even though that would have glued me to the very front of the pack for sure.

What happened instead though was that I was handed a sign, one with “Black lives matter.” This became my role in the march and my connection with the group was only even more increased at this point up in the front. My main focus was to lift the sign up whenever we did the “black lives matter” chant mostly for emphasis and for rallying’s sake. I also just tried to keep it up as much as possible in order to encourage others behind me.

Another moment of positivity later in the march was when I saw people on the sidewalks chanting with us and even a few people that started walking WITH us. It’s moments like these that you really appreciate especially in contrast to those few negative moments. We walked home chanting all the way back in high spirits. Arriving back, while our anger was certainly not appeased in the sense that nothing has changed per se in terms of the indictment, at the same time, we definitely felt that we had made an impact (just to note, I noticed upon arriving back that our numbers seemed at least half of what they were before. I was in the front the whole time once we got to Palo Alto, so I’m not sure when things changed but yeah). 

I am infinitely happy that I took part in this protest. I have to say without a doubt that this is the most amazing experience that I have had at Stanford so far. Which says a lot. I am only glad that something the leaders emphasized at the end was that this is only the beginning. As in there will be more. And I’ll be there next time too if time permits.

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson

	Protests Chants
This is not a moment, THIS IS OUR MOVEMENT.
Out of the dorm, INTO THE STREETS; Out of the shops, INTO THE STREETS; Out of your shops; INTO THE STREETS; Out of your cars; INTO THE STREETS.
For Ferguson, WE SHUT IT DOWN; For St. Louis, WE SHUT IT DOWN; For New York, WE SHUT IT DOWN; For Michael Brown; WE SHUT IT DOWN; Palo Alto (listen up), WE SHUT IT DOWN; Apple, WE SHUT IT DOWN.
Black lives matter; BLACK LIVES MATTER.
No justice, NO PEACE, No racist POLICE.
Show them what democracy looks like, THIS IS WHAT DEMOCRACY LOOKS LIKE (clapping)
They think it’s a joke, THEY THINK IT’S A GAME; Y’all think it’s a joke, Y’ALL THINK IT’S A GAME.
No more guns, NO MORE ARMOR; Justice for, ERIC GARNER.








Monday 1 December 2014

Dear Good Sir,

I just wanted to highlight a few things from the drive back with Omari last night. Besides the epic scariness from the fog and darkness during the drive, we also talked a lot about his game and game design and different things. There was something that he said that stood out to me. In that, he makes time for game design despite school/work because that’s what he enjoys, i.e. he does the game design in his free time. I think here’s something that I should do better with myself. I know I often feel like I don’t have free time, but I do and I should make more of a concerted effort to work on StratVS or other game design things during that time. 


More especially, I should try to actually do a lot of work on a project over winter break. As in, let’s actually do that, yo. I think StratVS is simple enough of a thing to be done in that short amount of time. Or at least, I think I can make a significant amount of progress. It doesn’t really require any level design or anything like that, and I don’t necessarily need legit art to get it up and running. There will probably be lots of testing and balance testing, but that’s another thing. I think I could totally get a version of the project going by the end of the break. Let’s aspire to such things, and spend less time with playing games in my free time. Sure that’s cool too, but I enjoy making games too, so do more of that. It’s more productive anyway. 

In addition to this, as I mentioned a few weeks ago, I’d like to start work on a memoir of my life. Something that I would eventually catch up to now, then continue to add to it for the rest of my life. I guess my journaling sort of serves the same purpose, but it’s something different that I want to do with the memoir. When I thought about it today, it’s more so an analysis of my life that I am looking for. I think eventually I’d like it to become a thing of a monthly thing to do. Around the end of each month, I could add more to the memoir, take into account the events of that month and my life so far and analysis myself and my life and such. 

Then in addition to this monthly analyses, I could also do a yearly analysis to see how far I’ve come and look at things from a larger scope. I think this should be a goal to achieve for next year. In terms of this end of the year, I think it would be better to just aim for trying to catch up. I don’t know if it’s feasible to try to finish a memoir up to the now by the end of this year, but I think I could at least get to the end of high school in that time. Let’s at least try. LET’S GO!

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson