Thursday 30 October 2014

Dear Good Sir,

Since I was on a bit of a journaling respite last week for whatever reason, you probably wouldn’t know from journaling that I got accepted to BOSP Kyoto, woohoo!!! But yeah. I kinda saw it coming which I especially realized was the way I felt after seeing my reaction to first finding out. Of course, I was excited. But it was more of a confirmation than a taken by surprise. BUT HECK YEAH, I’M GOING TO KYOTO!!!

It’s been however long now since I last wrote about this, but I am nowhere closer to knowing how I feel or what I want to do regarding Ms. Crystal. I still have the BIGGEST desire to tell Allie on Saturday how I feel so that I can just get the ball rolling all of a sudden. But at the same time, I realize that that is probably not the best idea. If I am not comfortable moving things along completely on my own first then, it’s probably not a good idea to start some other force moving me in that direction. I should come to reach that place on my own. Or not reach that place if that’s not how it ends up, and that, at the end of the day, is ok too. So keep moving along and we’ll figure out things when we figure them out.

So on Tuesday this week, an idea that has been around for a bit finally lit up and is just going now. The idea of Dr&Dr. Or Strategy VS as it has been code named for now. The idea for Dr&Dr began during the summer at some point when I thought about using the same style system and such from D&D for a player vs player tactical battle game. It grew more when I started thinking about why isn’t there any tactical battle games that are played like people play fighting games. Ray-Ray told me when I asked about this Kickstarter game that is in development called Duelyst that is tackling that exact question and trying to make a game that fits the bill. Before I had heard of Duelyst, I was thinking about tailoring Dr&Dr in that direction, but after hearing about it, I put the idea away for a bit but noting to come back to it soon.

Until Tuesday, when I finally did. First on Tuesday, I was just looking at and reading about Duelyst, and I totally think it’ll be an awesome game. But I also have some ideas of my own for a game fitting the same bill and hey, I wanna just go for it. So that is what Strategy VS is and will be. The name change came from eventually feeling that while I’ll borrow a few things from D&D, I don’t want to force myself into borrowing more than I want. I want complete flexibility in deciding how to shape Strategy VS.

The basic idea for the game is to make a very fast, competitive, tactical, strategic RPG-like PvP battle game. It has twisted and changed over the past few days and there are a few paragraphs I’ve written about the original idea on Tuesday, so I will just write what it is right now. The requirement for the game that really has made Strategy VS take off in the direction that it is going right now is the desire to make the game fast. My idea to make that happen is one, to make it a real time speed system like FFV or FFX-2. But the even bigger part is to make the input system or the way that the player interacts and enters in all of the decision for the game as easy and quick to use as possible. The main way of doing this is completely losing all concept of menus and instead mapping out decisions more like a fighting game would with different buttons being used for different attacks and that’s about it.

The game is still definitely in early stages of brainstorming and such, but I’ve made some good progress over the past day or two, so it is quickly going. Keep going. I love the idea of this game and I really want to just play it myself more than just wanting to make it for others. I definitely will constantly be thinking about how I’d want this game to be to play it myself the whole time. Because when it comes down to it, that’s really all that matters at this point. For me and my friends and such to enjoy it. That’s all the goal I need right now.

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson


Wednesday 29 October 2014

Dear Good Sir,

I hate to say this, ESPECIALLY when I haven’t journaled in a whole week. But honestly right now in this moment, I can understand how anger could drive a person to commit murder or some other heinous act. The anger that is flowing through me or at least that was 5 minutes ago is like none I can remember, at the least. It was brought on by the lack of being fixed the bug in my 221 assignment that I was working on. There’s a bit of context that goes into what led up to this and all that I don’t really feel like going into at the moment but just understand that it suddenly occurred to me that it had been at least 90 minutes since I decided to take up the stupid decision of trying to fix this bug in the first place when I didn’t really need to. Anger was just flowing through me as I got up and went to brush my teeth. I honestly wanted to FUCKING SMASH something. To break the computer. To flip my desk. All sorts of horrible things, I was so angry.

I COMPLETELY surprised myself though in my ability to control this anger. There wasn’t even a chance of losing control and performing one of the horrible things that I wanted to do out of anger. I have some sort of completely unbreakable self-control when it comes to anger it seems that honestly protects me from doing anything out of control. I don’t understand what it is or how it got there really. Part of it seems to have to do with my practices in meditation as I was aware at the time of the anger in general and think about alternatives to performing angry acts and instead meditating and being with the anger. I didn’t end up going to meditate or anything, but I was thinking about this and in general just watching the anger and thinking about all the things that I wanted to do but being in control and not doing them.

I am writing this to help myself remove any amount more of the anger and just move on. I am still fucking pissed at this damned assignment and at programming in general for causing such ridiculous things. And for the assignment sheet and Piazza not explaining what to do about the thrashing of Pacman. And stressing out and barely turning in my assignment 1 minute before the deadline due to my phone being the jerk of the year, then realizing 5 minutes later that I forgot to change back a line of code which renders the extra credit part likely useless. But I digress at this point.

Thank you for just being with my anger instead of acting out of it. I REALLY do appreciate that.

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson



Wednesday 22 October 2014

Dear Good Sir,

I had my SJEC group interview today. It went okay. There was some nervousness that I noticed as I answered the first question that I could detect from my voice and from my hands, hopefully neither of which was all that noticeable to everyone else. By focusing on removing the nervousness through some sort of acknowledging that it is unnecessary, I was able to pretty much remove which I think helped. I think this is definitely something reproducible and perhaps even so possible before the interview or whatever else in the future. It just takes the mindfulness and the focus on nervousness specifically.

Hey bro. You’ve got this. Don’t be brought down by the work. Rise up. TO THE CHALLENGE. I believe in your ability to leap hurdles. You’ve been doing it since like age 4 or younger. GANBAROU!

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson



Tuesday 21 October 2014

Dear Good Sir,

I listened to a very curious podcast today from This American Life, Act V. It followed inmates in a high security prison as they practiced and practiced Act V of Hamlet (they perform the acts one by one due to prison constraints) then performed it. It’s a program through a theatre organization that works with prisons and such. This type of program, which reminds me of the super meditation retreat program brought into prisons, in the transforming effect that it has on those inmates that take part. It’s these types of programs and listening to how transformed and different these people are that make me not be in favor of the death sentence.

But beyond that, something that one of the inmates said about this acting program really moved me. He talked about getting to come in every day and interact with the lady that was training and helping them practice, and having all of these different professors come in occasionally and such. He said that this whole thing allowed him and the others “feel human” for a few hours each week. In a place where they are normally used to being treated as not human, having inhumane things happening all of the time. The idea of needing something to help you feel human says a lot about the lifestyle that they are stuck in as a result of being incarcerated. It also says a lot about how this man has changed to be able to recognize such things and be able to appreciate this program for this reason. Once again TAL captures something so powerful.

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson





Monday 20 October 2014

Dear Good Sir,

You are becoming an absolute pro with this memory stuff. As in, more than before. Yesterday and today, I tried out the new Pokemon Hiragana association system (which by the way, I got down in just a few days also like a pro) with actually applying it for memorization. Yesterday for kanji and today for tango. And BOY, does it work. Especially for the kanji. The fact that I have figured out how to memorize kanji radical by radical without photographic memory is brilliant. As in, I absolutely applaud your brilliance with this system. And with the way that you have set up documenting how exactly you memorized everything will be awesome for ensuring that all of this memorization actually gets to my long term, which honestly is the real important goal. Good work.

One thing that I challenge you to for this tango/kanji memorization is to maximize not just for long term memorization, but to maximize speed or in other words, minimize for the amount of time you actually have to spend studying while maintaining getting the memorization into long term. I think the biggest thing would be to be sure that when you are creating the stories for each individual piece that you don’t waste any time spacing out, but make the story quickly and move on. Another thing may be dropping making stories for things that you already know, but at the same time in terms of long term maximization, maybe it would be good to make stories for everything unless you have reason to believe the thing is already in long term (i.e. you learned it last year).

And to end, I am rather excited for hearing back about SJEC! On the way to Japanese today, during my usual greeting to Meagan-san, she asked me if I applied. After my affirmative reply, she said that she saw my application and that she is excited. This totally made my day to hear this. I have even more hope now of getting to be an officer for SJEC. Also, I am just really excited for more experiences and opportunities involving Japan, and I am also really excited to meet other people at Stanford who are excited about Japan. So this whole thing is just exciting! LET’S GO!

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson




Sunday 19 October 2014


Dear Good Sir,

So. After my fun-filled retreat yesterday, I got back today still thinking about Crystal and what to do since I was up sort of outside under the stars last night thinking about it all. I even saw a shooting star (my first ever I believe) and wished upon it. To solve the troubling decision I am in. Yeah, that sure happened today. Not.

I had dinner tonight with Gina which was wonderful getting to catch up, especially over a nice drive and over ramen. I don’t want to cloud over this catch up with this but I am short on time so I should skip straight to this. Gina explained to me tonight that she and Zach broke up. This was quite surprising to me as I thought they were doing well, but apparently not completely though the break up was mutual. My focus from this point was just being there for her despite the increased number of questions I now had. I had already been planning to possibly bring up Crystal or at least ask her what she thought about dating friends. But then she tells me about this (also, again, don’t get me wrong, my focus is on her being ok but I am not necessarily going to go into all of her details right here right now).

What’s troubling about hearing this is that it just doesn’t help with my feeling okay asking out Crystal. Especially in the unclearness of whether Gina and Zach will continue as friends. No, they don’t fit that bill as having been close friends before, but I am just looking at this and seeing, wow, even they may not continue on as friends after this. These two that I thought were really close. Also, she talked a lot about Zach was talking about chemistry a lot and such which made me think more about whether I really fill Crystal and I have good chemistry.

So after all of this, I am really not far away from calling off all of it actually. As in, not just remaining inactive in asking her out, but calling off even considering it further. It’s just that I think I would honestly much rather just be really close friends with Crystal then put our friendship at risk through a relationship. Which is sad, as I am totally neglecting the growth and increased everything that could come from a relationship potentially. Earlier today, I was totally not even recognizing the fact that there are 3 possibilities from starting a relationship: being lovers forever, breaking up and not being friends, and the third that I neglected being breaking up but continuing to be friends.

At this point, I feel safer ONLY dating people that I wouldn’t call close friends. As in mostly people that I have met recently or just don’t know well in general. As in that will be my focus. I haven’t COMPLETELY forsaken hope of asking out Crystal, but if that were to happen, I probably wouldn’t feel okay until next year or even later. I don’t even know. Honestly, I just want to say forget. Let’s just be the best of closest friends. Why risk something that is already great?

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson


Friday 17 October 2014

Dear Good Sir,

I swear. Every time I see her, I like her even more. Crystal obviously. We had lunch today and there was a point early on that I was trying to think of what to talk about, but then not long after, there reached a point that we just exploded, talking endlessly about stuff. I honestly happened before I knew it. 

Yet. I still am as hesitant as before. I still can’t shake the thoughts of closing myself in before I know for sure. Especially, with the knowledge of going off (VERY most likely) to Japan in the spring and such where who knows might happen or who I might meet. I am scared of devoting myself when I can’t see the future. As I’ve pointed out in the past, this is exactly the dilemma I faced regarding Amanda. But this is different in my opinion, largely due to the fact that Crystal is different, but beyond that, the current relationship that I have with her right now is very different. Crystal is a very close friend of mine right now, not something that I can say for others that I’ve dated or pursued romantic interests with. Not even Gina fits that bill as I only knew Gina for 2 months or so at that point of time.

So naturally, another part of the worry if I tried to take things in that direction is that Crystal and I might discover that we aren’t right for each other. Who knows what could happen to us as friends as a result? Do I want to risk that?

To be fair though, if I look back, those who I’ve asked out in the past that said no, I am still good friends with. But I guess, this is also different though as what I am worried about is not that Crystal will say no and the effects of that, but that if we were in a relationship and things went wrong and we broke up. That’s my worry. I don’t have the same track record regarding breaking up and still being friends. It’s not that I think that things would go wrong. It’s just that there’s a chance of that, and that’s something I have to keep in mind.

So I still don’t know. I still don’t really want to take action. I feel like I’d feel safer dating people that I don’t know well at the start, versus someone like Crystal that I know really well and wouldn’t want to risk ruining the friendship that we already have. But perhaps, that’s a risk that I’ll just have to take. I just sure don’t see that way right now. And don’t really know how to get myself to that point or if I even want to get myself to that point. For now, I’ll just keep dragging on, not taking action.




Thursday 16 October 2014


Dear Good Sir,

So it’s time I actually took those goals and such that I listed before the quarter started and do something with them. I noted when I started my run today that why am I running today when I didn’t run yesterday or other days? I need some more order in this. Some discipline. But not just for this but a few other areas that were listed too.

I’ll start with the physical since I was already on the subject. I want to be reasonable but I need you to actually run. I want to actually go forward with this weekly goal run thing as it really is a great idea. So every week, you’ll have a certain number of times that I want you to run. Which will generally be 4 but I’ll be flexible based on the week which is one reason that I like this weekly goals thing. Also, I won’t mandate that they be on any certain days, so you can also kinda just find where it works best. Please feel free to schedule times at the beginning of the week, but there won’t be any set times that I mandate you run. Outside of the 4 days of running I’d like something physical to be done the other 3 days too such as basketball, dedicated biking (biking to class or around campus generally will NOT count), walking, etc. Pretty simple. Also, do some ab stuff 3 days a week at least (for now).

In terms of memory, I realized today that I really need to do better with making all of this memory stuff more practical to my day-to-day life. Sure, the ptable and pi is cool, but it’s not very useful. It be better to be focusing on things that will actually be useful and practical. I’ve brainstormed 4 areas to focus on for now. One would be tailoring the peg and chain numbers to be good at memorizing phone numbers quickly, i.e. as they are being said. One way to help with this would be having pegs for all 3 digits number as in 000 to 999. That way you could take the first two sets of 3 which people say each at a time generally easily then hit the last 4 as two sets of 2. ou got a memory book and the internet. It’s simple enough.

Another area would be being able to memorize faces quickly. Besides just focusing on practicing, I’d say one thing that would help would literally just go through a long list of common names (like the convenient one in the book…) and establish what associations you would use for each name just to have it down and easy to pick up and use when the time comes. Besides that, getting better at just picking a face feature and using that to associate the name. Practice, practice, practice. With SOOP and other things, you’ll be meeting a lot of new people often so bam, there’s your practice material.

Something else that could definitely benefit from useful memory systems is memorizing Japanese tango and kanji. I’ve already been doing that to some extent to do so well on the tango and kanji quizzes so far this quarter, but I’ve noticed a problem, a comment that I made to Zoey-san. I don’t even remember the stuff from the previous quizzes anymore. After thinking about it, the obvious answer is that I didn’t get any of it into my long term memory. It went away with short term. A simple solution? Keep practicing it. Something to help with that would be the Anki program. It uses science to know when to practice it and helps get things into your long term. Do it. On top of that, formalizing a system for getting the Japanese syllables and always having something to make a list to memorize a vocab word will help. In addition, formalizing learning the kanji radical will also help. Use Anki! You’ve got this!

Besides these three areas, I would say keep reading the memory book and learning more. Get memory palaces down too since those could be useful for to-do-list sort of things or things you want to just remember for a short time though possibly for long term use too. Just have lots and lots of useful memory tools at the ready for yourself. Let’s hack my memory more. GO!

Outside of physical and memory, two areas of goals are meditation and dreams. For both of these, I’d say the morning is key. Let’s try to avoid ever having to do anything in the morning besides goal stuff. That means getting up and meditating, hopefully a recording or 45+ in general, then recording dreams. Or the other way around, I need to figure out that out. Even if you don’t type up all of the dreams and very detailedly, it’s okay!!! Just doing some of it will be very beneficial, believe me. I will not accept any of this not much stuff anymore. In terms of meditation though, I’d say, gun for at least two 45-minute sessions a week and outside of that at least 10 minutes a day (though more is highly highly encouraged). Record dreams every day.

To help for motivation and reinforcement for doing all of these things, I will use a point system with the points being able to be cashed in for some reward. I don’t know. I’ll figure out something. The general idea is that you’ll get 1 point a day for doing everything assigned that day. If you don’t do all 4 areas then you lose a point for the number of areas not done minus 1. There may be bonuses available for 7 out of 7 days straight done. Eventually, all of this will just be habit hopefully and such point/reward systems won’t be necessary. But until then, this and achieving goals. LET’S GO!

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson





Tuesday 14 October 2014

Dear Mr. 21,

Though there are a few things on the list, I’ll keep this brief since I’m short on time. Today has turned out to be a wonderful birthday. The majority of the day up until the evening was just a normal day, and honestly fine based on my birthday views. But I think my views have changed today. Yeah.

The birthday part of the day began with picking up my second package from Ma which turned out to be an awesome bungie chair which will be a wonderful addition to my room and something that I honestly very much needed yet totally did not see coming. I actually could not even figure out what it was even after opening it without eventually finding a tag.

After some birthday phone calls during the eve, I returned to my 221 assignment which I somehow managed to finish without a late day (birthday present?). Then I joined Mina in her room after she came in and invited me over which made my hypersensitive suspiciousness-alarms go off. I’ve been wary of signs of showering all day and last night. But nothing until this moment.

So I hung out over there for awhile. So long that at a certain point, I started to think that this had nothing to do with showering and that that wasn’t happening. Which would have been fine. But eventually, nearly 2 hours later, suspiciousness picked up again with her eventually giving me a reason to return to the room. I opened my now closed door to my room with a smile as it popped up with lots of smiles back. I cannot describe the wonderful feeling of seeing so many friends in your room, there to celebrate a moment with you. There because they are your friend, and that’s what friends do.

And it is somewhere alongside all of this that my views of birthdays have changed. Much of it remains the same with the whole why should the fact that it is your birthday give a reason for random people and people that don’t really know you anyway to suddenly treat you like a king for one day? However, where my view has changed lies within friends. Yes, we should treat our friends with love and surprises throughout the year. But it’s good to have this scheduled routine excuse every year to get together and celebrate together a friend. That’s essentially what it is. A way for a bunch of friends to say together to another friend, “We love you and care about you; you have friends.” 

Now, that is not to say anything of friends that couldn’t make it. Things come up, obviously. It’s not about the friends individually showing that they care in the sense of proof. It’s more just a reminder to the person. Something that they can look back and go “ahhh.” So yeah, birthdays are thing. A little bit so anyway.

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson



Monday 13 October 2014

Dear Good Sir,

Apparently, I’m about to turn 21. Whoa. I think? I guess this means I am officially an adult? Not that I wasn’t before. But now I can really let myself let go of all beliefs that I am a child. Right?

But I like being a child. And there are certain things associated with children that I feel like are ok. In fact, quite good of things. Things to hold onto because they tend to float away on their own. As in, trying to push them away only makes it worse. I suppose I am referring to the fun and imaginative nature of children. The care-freeness in terms of not getting lost in the complicatedness of life. Letting things be simpler than they have to be.

Yet, being an adult is a good thing too. While there are lots of responsibilities as a result, along with that comes lots of freedoms. Freedom to be me. As long as you actually take that freedom and run with it. Because a lot of the time, I feel like you aren’t doing this. Instead, you are just following others, drifting along by their ebb and flow instead of by your own. Sure, doing things with others is always good. I just mean be sure to create your own experience too. Influence what you do. Even when it’s going along with others’ plans. You can still influence even in that case. Remember, the wonderful duality of consciousness. Not only do you get to watch your story as it unfolds, but you also get to influence and direct and change how it goes. You are both the actor and observer. Embrace this duality.

By the way, it looks like you’re in the green for being showered. At least today. I do feel like I got showered on the day of last year…

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson



Sunday 12 October 2014

Dear Good Sir,

So, you know when I said the other day that I thought I knew how I felt about Crystal? Well, maybe I did then, but I don’t know anymore. More thinking this weekend has put me into indecision again. I was even ready a few days ago to start testing waters or at least trying to figure out how to do so without attracting attention. Part of it, which I feel immensely stupid about for some reason, is that I question how good of a romantic partner she would be. I love her to death and she’s one of the nicest people ever, but I just question. And I feel horrible about such questioning. Especially since I have no real basis for such questioning. Nothing to give any reason to the arguments or whatever. All just stupidness.

On top of this stupidness, I also wonder if it’s a good idea in regards to wanting to remain open. If you notice, this is EXACTLY one of my worries back with Amanda. In fact, I had already recognized this a few days ago and became willing to put it aside for the sake of progress. But it has crept back in other forms. The thought that I am going to Kyoto likely in the spring and such comes up. I wonder if I should look for someone more ok or seemingly more ok, or more congruent I guess, with me wanting to travel a lot. I wonder and wonder. Question and question. I don’t know. I don’t like this. This has even caused me some sudden, hard-to-detect-the-cause sadness. I would like some divine wisdom, please.

I know things this week and forward are going to be busy. But let’s be conscious of all of our goals (see the master list in your mini journal if need be). I don’t want to let things slip through ESPECIALLY regarding dreams (DIVINE WISDOM POTENTIAL, COME ON NOW). But even the other things like the goal/life tracker. It’s so easy. Just do it everyday. Please.

Guess what. I’VE APPLIED FOR SPRING KYOTO ABROAD. WOOHOO!!! I pretty much want to say that I’m going. Honestly, out of all of the people that I know, YOU are the one that I think most deserves to go to Kyoto. I would really be upset with the selection committee if I’m not chosen. That’s just how much I deserve it and how much that I think I transmitted my passion into my essay and feel that I’ve got this. And I know that I’ve got this. I just have to wait until I’ve been told that I’ve got it. So, just wait. I’ll give you the confirmation soon.






Thursday 9 October 2014

Dear Good Sir,

I have finally confirmed how you feel about Crystal. The question now really is will you act. I was randomly looking back at some journal entries from last summer and realized that it was YOU that decided to decisively take action before. I forgot that it all started from you. Yes, different circumstances and such, but YOU made the decision ultimately. In other words, you’ve done it before. 

But you seem very hesitant. I think this hesitation sprouts mostly from the same thing that was causing you hesitation in the past: worrying about “limiting yourself” or closing off future opportunities that may be more right or something. Or in general just wondering if this is the right thing, etc. I have no real answer for this issue, but I can say that I don’t think you should allow this from stopping you as you’ll never really ever know if this is the “right” decision. Really there is no “right” decision.

Life presents you with a series of paths, and you have the honorable privilege and responsibility to decide which paths to go down. Something else you mentioned before was that taking action is really like exploring. You don’t know what is down the path of taking action. But deciding to go that way or taking the other way both are forms of exploration. Perhaps, it would be best not to get so caught up in which way to go, but to tackle this from more the perspective not going down either path for some expectation. Instead, choose the way you want to go out of the perspective of exploration and exploration alone. And really, while both paths, action or no action, provide opportunities for exploration, I’d argue that the path of action provides greater opportunity for exploration and different experience. 

Now, one thing that jumped out at me earlier when reading that old entry was that did I really decide before to take action out of the desire for exploration? Did I really make such an important decision for that alone? That is part of what continues to make me hesitant with even exploration in mind. I feel like I am making a decision for the wrong reasons or something. That I am not being mature or a real adult about it or something. 

I don’t know. I don’t know if exploration is good enough of a reason to action. I don’t know if you even need to have reason enough to take action. Maybe this whole thing really is a process of irrationality. Maybe loving is irrational. Maybe I can’t really come to a rational decision in general. Maybe if I want to eventually take action, I need to let go of wanting to feel rational and having good reason for my decision to take action. 

Do I even deep down want to take action? I’d say yes. Especially based on your desire for some third party to help the progress along somehow. As I was saying the other day, I’ll be that third party for you. I’ll take a step to move it along. Just give me the okay. Or maybe I need to just take that prerogative. Who knows. We’ll see soon, I guess.

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson



Monday 6 October 2014

Dear Good Sir,

After last night’s mishaps with Max, my mind keeps going back to it defending myself and such. As a result since it was related, I was also thinking about defence in general in games. This is something that I’ve had thought about in the past probably provoked by my defence-loving tendencies in Runescape and all of the lovely things that that and my love for ranged caused in the wildy and in the game in general.

In many games when I look at it whether physical games or sports or video games, etc, there is often some form of defence in the game which can really be a range of things. In Runescape, it is something that everyone technically has, but you can choose to make your character have more of it than their other combat stats effectively making them or of a “tank” which makes them take damage less than the majority of the players who focus on the damage combat stats more so (not sure why I am talking so general as if you don’t know this game). Though not just combat stats but melee in specific, but that’s a different conversation altogether.

There was often a butting of heads in the game between the majority of players that all focused on damage dealing and melee and the minority who liked more defensive strategies (and often ranged attacks). The majority melee people would get frustrated from hitting so many 0’s or not doing damage most attacks while they got hit away by the more defensive people since it is often easy to hit the people with low defense regardless if the defensive person has high combat stats or not. Really, the defensive strategy is a bit smarter in a lot of ways, but my point, the majority of players not just in Runescape but in general tend to like highly aggressive and damage dealing strategies in games. And the people that like the more defensive strategies often get crap for it.

I think I can see this even in a game like basketball. The majority of people completely focus on their shooting skills and dribbling and in general, the offensive side of the game. In general, people don’t necessarily focus on the defensive side at least as far as I can see, but I think it is definitely held in much less esteem than the offensive side. The defence in many sports are often the unsung heroes of the team because everyone venerates the offense. Yes, offense is certainly a very important part of sports and you can’t win without scoring generally, but without the defence the opponent would outscore you generally and things would fall through without them.

I feel like my focus on defence in basketball, and in most games/sports really, falls into the minority. It just isn’t as kosher. People don’t understand it or necessarily recognize that its happening. It’s like an unheard of sort of thing. Especially, when you don’t voice it in fear of going against the majority or feeling like there’s no point even bringing it out. You know my motto is always silent pride. So you know I sure don’t generally say anything. 

It’s just plain interesting psychologically how all of this happens though. What makes us want to hold the offense in such high esteem? Why do you have to be superb beyond superb to really be venerated for defence?

And to end, I don’t know if this is a thing, but the past few days that I have been bike-less and walking to class and places, I’ve been noticing something. Over the past few days, I’ve ran into SO many people. So many more than on average over a week of biking. I don’t know if it’s just a coincidence or if there’s really something to it or what. But this makes me want to walk more often then. I am a man of spontaneity so you know that I love these chance encounters. I LIVE for these things. Running into Crystal today. That makes my day!

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson





Sunday 5 October 2014

Dear Good Sir,

So...I had a interesting experience today at work. A student came in that needed help with scanning something. She had no clue how to do it, so I came over and helped her and walked her through it. During that process, from her initializing, we started talking, she saying that she just got back from a gap year as a missionary. It did not really click what she said, and I asked her how she got into that, and then she explained how she is a Latter Day Saint and was in Korea (South I’d assume) being a missionary for the church. 

We talked more and more as I helped her not only scan but print several copies of the score of music which I eventually had to do from my own account because her’s was not setup to do so. Once the process was coming to a close, she asked, after explaining that she would be performing this piece next week for Mormon event for all, saying that since I had gone through all of this trouble, that I should come by. I explained that it would be nice, but that my father would be coming in town that weekend, and I’d be busy. Then, before I even really realized what was happening, she asked well then could she get my number. I didn’t feel in the position to say no, so I gave it away, typing it into her phone. I had to stop myself from laughing out of “what is going on”-ness as I typed my number. And then, not long after she left.

As I walked back to my computer afterwards, I began to ask myself, “WHAT JUST HAPPENED.” It began to settle on me after a few moments as I looked back at the conversation. My universal politeness and friendliness and conversation continuance and questions were all likely interpreted as interest in Mormonism. Or maybe, it didn’t even matter what I may have expressed. She was just doing her missionary thing, which may be imprinted on her after being abroad for a year and a half as a missionary.

All I know is that I don’t know if this is the last of her. I honestly don’t know, one, why I gave her my number, and two, why she asked for it in the first place. She hasn’t sent or called afterwards, so I have no clue what she will do with it if anything. Don’t get me wrong, I really appreciated the nice conversation and the easy flow of it. And I am totally open to hearing new ideas and even the possibilities of these ideas changing me and I maybe even embracing some of them over time. But at the same time, that whole experience left me like, “WHAT JUST HAPPENED?!”

Day 3 of Smash 4 has continued my state of confusion over which characters to focus on. In fact, two characters, veterans of mine, have only been raised in possibility of picking them back up. Quite in fact, one of them, Yoshi specifically, I think I am for sure going to focus on; Marth I am not sure about. In terms of for sure mains, Megaman is the one. In terms of others, Duck Hunt stands out as a possibility for his interesting play style options and many lovely toys, but Ness, Link, ROB (maybe others) are up there too. Time will only tell who my mains will be (if I even worry about such things as focusing on only a few, heh).

Thanks, Marcus Francium (Potentially Mormon?!?!? Ha) Jackson




Saturday 4 October 2014

I did some catching up in 221 material today on machine learning. Something caught my attention that has been blowing my mind since. One thing that came up in the different algorithms and such was that basically machine learning algorithms benefit the most from training data that is incorrect from the “correct” answer.In other words, mistakes. The algorithm benefits the most in becoming more correct by making mistakes. That is huge! If these mechanical, calculated things benefit the most from mistakes then, boy, we as humans do the same too! Just something to keep in mind and in mindsets and such.

I experienced something this morning which renews my desires for focusing on lucid dreaming. I woke up one time due to David’s annoying alarm clock, but managed to fall asleep again. But I woke up again later from David singing. Upon waking up, I continued to lay still and was sort of focused on the singing, sort of spacing out or whatever I do. But before I knew it, I felt this feeling and vibration coming over my body accompanied by experiencing vision despite my eyes being closed, of this small strip of light out in the distance, occasionally some muffled voice-like sounds. Yep, all of this reminding me of sleep paralysis and the onset of a dream. Except, fully aware!

I was definitely aware at the time of what was going on, but I wasn’t fully conscious of what to do to make the most of it necessarily, as looking back, I would have been telling myself that this is a dream over and over and trying to focus to influence the environment and such. As the sleep paralysis moved into a dream scene, I’d lose focus and fall into taken-for-the-ride-dream state then that would return back to the sleep paralysis-ness, and I’d be more conscious and aware again and go through the same experiences from before then it’d go back to a dream. This happened 3 or 4 times before it all went away and I was fully awake and such. 

I think some of it had to do with David’s singing in that it was something that kept me aware through the onset of sleep paralysis. I think other experiences with sleep paralysis that I’ve had had similar things of some noise or something that kept my attention and awareness into sleep paralysis, like a fan or something. This is something to look into. But besides that, LET’S DO IT AGAIN, EXCEPT MORE THIS TIME! Let’s retain all consciousness and smart-ness in terms of LD. Let’s raise awareness more and more, and influence the environment. You’ve got this!

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson



Wednesday 1 October 2014


I’ve been noticing, especially since I started recording again, that I have been having lots of gas lately, seemingly since I got back to the states. I am still trying to pinpoint the cause of this gas. One suspect is cereal, but for the sole reason that it’s the only thing that I can think of that I’ve been having practically everyday. I’m not sure why cereal would be causing me gas, especially when I’ve not noticed such a thing in the past.

Another theory that just occurred to me is that maybe it’s because my diet has changed a good bit since I got back. My diet at Stanford is practically all greenery stuff with other things not quite to such an extent or volume. Perhaps, all of this greenery takes a bit of adjusting to digest more comfortably and without gas or something. Or maybe it’s something else who knows. The best thing I can say for now is to just continue to watch and see if anything changes without you changing any of the variables manually.

I did quite a lot of kanji memorizing today, instigated due to the kanji quiz tomorrow. But besides that, it’s actually been really fun and sort of want to do it more. I also want to memorize more vocab too. Memorizing things in general is just a lot of fun. These memory system stuff is just fun. I really wish I was aware of this stuff back in grade school. I would have literally had gotten 100’s on anything memory-based (yeah, I mean you American Studies fill-in-the-blank questions). But I’m here at Stanford regardless, so I guess it has worked out anyway. And I am aware of all of this now, and that’s all that matters. Keep memorizing, bro!

In terms of memorizing kanji and tango, one thing I was thinking about previously was creating a series of peg-like things sort of like with the numbers but associating some image/thing with each syllable, that way, I’d always have something tangible to use for memorizing new tango and kanji. The kanji would still take some work and memorizing the radicals would definitely help. But there are quite a lot of syllables, so I’m not sure. But heck, I memorized 100 pegs, so I guess in comparison it really can’t be much since it’s definitely no more than like 50 or 60 depending on how I want to handle the extra syllables from the accent thing. Think about it. It might take some front-end heavy work, but it might be useful for years to come with memorizing and really keeping new tango and kanji.

I’ve been noticing myself doing work at breaking down some of the social fears that have plagued me for years. Basically, it is coming in the form of getting myself to do things which is generally my biggest problem. I am generally perfectly fine once I am put into the situation, it’s just actually starting the situation or going to the event or whatever that gives me trouble. One tangible example today was going to Selamile’s room-warming. I didn’t have anyone to go to, and I didn’t have any idea who’d be there, meaning to some extent in terms of supports, I went to it without anything guaranteed and no good probability of getting any. And it was fine. What’s really helping is getting myself to do it then once I am there, seeing that it isn’t so bad and in fact kinda good after all. Keep it up!

I am going to try to take a better focus and shift the bad keeping-everything-lifewise-straight path that I’ve been heading in the past week since I’ve gotten back. My focus just really hasn’t been on what’s important all the time especially in terms of my health in different areas. One area has been physical which I still haven’t ran yet though I have done a few dedicated biking excursions. On top of that, sleep was in focus last week, but has fallen in priority the past few days. And perhaps, the biggest has been keeping up with schoolwork. I understand it happens, but it doesn’t help when I literally am not even trying to move forward with it, but am focused on too many other things that aren’t necessarily super productive (i.e. gaming). If anything, working on games should be the focus of my free/not-work time. I am going to start trying to go back towards the spread of goals I wrote out before the quarter and use that to try to move back in a direction I’m more ok with. Sleep and dream focus is one big thing, and I am going to run in the morning. Let’s go!

Speaking of sleep and dreams, I am actually going to listen to my good idea of SITTING UP and visualizing before sleep instead of trying to do it laying down. Because I definitely failed last night with it. And I am actually going to remember some dreams too. Let’s add lucid dreaming to the equation too. You’ve got this!

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson




Tuesday 30 September 2014

The first chapter that I read today was more on association links. This is essentially how the audio guide I listened to a few years ago started off. Links are great for lists that don't need to be numbered and lists that don't have elements somewhere in the middle that need to be accessed sometimes before others.

One thing that I liked that they pointed out is that lists can be broad in definition. Words could easily be seen as lists: a list of letters. This gives me the very practical and extraordinary idea of using links to help remember vocab for Japanese.

One issue would be would I really want to remember each vocab word by each individual letter of its spelling? Probably not. But a solution is creating pegs for each of the syllables since there is a very finite amount then use those for each word.

Another issue would be how to remember the first syllable or first association, an issue for link memorization in general. I think in general a solution is to link the first element in the list to whatever the source of the need of the list is. If you are memorizing the names of things this might mean associating the first element with an image of the thing.

In the case of memorizing Japanese vocab, this means associating the first element, in this case the first syllable, with the definition of the word. Then, if you are trying to remember a word, since it is often triggered by having the definition in mind first then wanting the word, you can easily move from the definition to the word. In the case of hearing the word and wanting to remember the definition, you'd want to be able to move backwards easily, so having a strong pair association would be best. 

After reading a few more chapters today, one of them on vocab/foreign languages in specific, I think I might slightly change my approach. Their strategy was basically just like with memorizing big words in a list in terms of breaking them down into smaller words of what they sound like in English and going from there. I might sort of use this approach as well though I’d also like to be sure I know the correct pronunciation very well, so I think I’ll use a mix of associating Japanese syllables and breaking words into small English words when applicable. The breaking down into smaller words approach really is effective, more than I was expecting before. Memorizing that list of random big words was just easy as anything else. Finding ways to work with kanji is the real need right now though.

From the multiple chapters read today, another takeaway is that overwriting previously created images/associations/things/etc might be easier than I first thought. They basically were saying in the book that we keep this associations and links as long as we need them, and once they lose their use, they fall away since we stop using them. Also, in general, I think when you exercise a specific image or peg for a new purpose, over time, it’ll start becoming the strongest association along those lines, over anything else, putting collisions in buckets away as a problem. I think the memory works just as we want. If we want to memorize a bunch of things even if it is in only a few buckets, we can do it because that’s what we have it do so it does it. In other words, the memory is spectacular, and I will just have to trust it.

After some thinking over the past few days, I am deciding as of right now at least for now, that I will not make an act for Crystal or anyone else right now. I will continue to be open in general, but I am not going to make an act. To be specific, by act, I mean along the lines of popping the question more than anything else. Part of it is that I am still not sure how Crystal feels or whether this is a good time for either of us for such things. Also, I almost want to stay open for Kyoto and beyond. But who knows!

Hearing the JET program guy that came in today during Japanese talk, really has got me going again. I feel more understanding of how I want to shape my future right now more than I ever have, at least any time recently. For one, I definitely want to go to Kyoto in the spring (though that was never up in the air), and I am starting to feel that I want to go for the BOSP-backed Japan internship for the summer. It’ll be easier to have arranged then all of the annoying processes with an American company, at this point at least. In terms of after graduation, I think I want to take a gap year or two of the JET program, all the while beginning my goals of making games to support myself. Eventually, I’d join the workforce grind if need be, but it would be my goal to not need to keep working to support my lifestyle. All just potentials at this point though. It’s nice to have some sort of plan though for once instead of ALWAYS having ABSOLUTELY no clue.

And to end, I vow to actually dream prime tonight before bed. As in right now. I am going to visualize my goal. My goal to fly. In the clouds, in the sky, everywhere. Fly, fly, fly. Through my efforts in memory practices lately, I see the sheer importance of visualization. So I think spending a few minutes of my time before bed for that purpose will be very much fruitful and useful to me. So let’s get to it.




Monday 29 September 2014

Dear Tomato Bro,

The CS 221 lectures lately have been struggle buses for me. As in, I don’t really know what’s going on. I went today’s hoping that I could survive not really understanding last Wednesday’s lecture, which worked at first, but I fell under again, perhaps, not even because of not understanding last week but just because I don’t understand what’s going on too much. It’s not even math math really, but just lots and lots of terms and not knowing what all is going on with a lot of it and such.

I think through office hours and the help of others, I might be able to work things out. What’s really scary though is that this 221 not-really-math-math is giving me trouble, and I haven’t even really gotten it from 229 yet which is actually supposed to be math math. Which gives me big second thoughts about 229. And I haven’t even seen the first pset yet. But if I want to drop 229 then I have to add another class, one that I haven’t been to the first week...

After lots of thinking, I think the current plan is to jump back into 131, at least for now. According to David, I haven’t missed much the past two lectures anyway. Plus, David. Having someone that you can work with, especially that is right there, is always good, something I don’t currently have for 229. The first 131 pset is due Friday, but that is doable. The 229 pset isn’t even out yet anyway, so I won’t be taking on a huge load from this all. After seeing and maybe attempting the 229 pset, once it’s out, I’ll make a decision about which class to drop. Or I’ll do both…? No please…

I went to the BOSP office hours today and talked to the program advisor and then a student advisor. They answered my questions and more. I am so much less worried about the application as a whole, one due to my place in second year Japanese versus first year, and also my super legitimate reasons for wanting to go to Japan and my lots and lots of obvious commitment to such a thing, etc. I’m in a real good place.

Also, just talking to the student advisor eased any worries I had about the program, and also very much about the internship part during the summer. I am highly considering going for it even if it can’t work out for Team Lab. Having the support of BOSP would be nice since trying to work out everything, at least for a first time, could be difficult on my own. And this all sounds better than doing something in the states for sure. And hey, if the BOSP internship is only 8 weeks, I could even try to arrange something relatively short with Team Lab for afterwards or something. We shall see. There’s also VIA, but I don’t know about that, ha.

In one of my many moments in Mina’s room today, I heard Cameron talk about people he knows who are somehow making livings off of writing books and selling them via Amazon eBook services instead of publishing and his aspirations of writing/making movies/etc on the side along work until he can support himself completely with that. This has really fired up my desire to do something similar but with making games on the side and eventually being able to support myself completely with that. Having royalties as my income would totally free myself up to be able to work and live anywhere in the world. Yeah. So let’s have this be my current future aspirations. At least for now anyway. Something to look forward and focus on.

I started reading the memory book today that I’ve had for quite awhile, but I’m finally reading it. I will try to read a chapter a day and reflect on it every night. Today’s chapter (excluding the short history one) was about associations in general, which I have learned about a good bit on my own but was still nice to read. They had an exercise of memorizing a list of 10 things similar to what I did with that audio thing I listened to a few years ago. And I easily memorized it in seconds which is fun. 

Their strategy for associations is similar to what I’ve learned previously in terms of creating some image or story between the two things. What’s different is that they start with the first two and create one image between them. Then they take the second and third and create a separate image with those. And so on. The difference between what I’ve been doing, for example with memorizing pi, is that they just have several separate images. Separate in that they aren’t connected like I do with creating a continuous story.

I see some pros and cons of what they do. One huge strength of their way is that it allows them to easily go backwards and in general know what is on the sides of each element easily. I suppose being able to go backwards in a list doesn’t seem super useful at first glance, but I am sure there are some practicalities. On top of it maybe increasing your overall memorization of the list in general. Also, one use of backwards would be with the periodic table and being able to both go from number to element and element to number, the element to number part which is a bit difficult for me to some extent, but for various reasons.

One con I see of their strategy is that I feel like there could be a problem of not being able to remember the association between the current element and the next after doing the previous. I think of it like pointers and data. Sure, we can memorize things well a lot of the time and the data is pretty much always there. But, for example with the names of people sometimes, we just can’t trigger the data. Or we can’t find the pointer to that data and therefore can’t remember it. I feel that doing the associations in a connected stories allows for triggers for the next association and the next association until the end which makes it easier to always go on to the next element.

But perhaps, with these image based associations, the problem of not being able to find the pointer to the data isn’t such a problem. Maybe they are right in that it’ll just come to you. And with practice over time too, it might be easy to strengthen remembering the next association and the next without a continuous flow. Or maybe, I can do both together in that having a strong image between the first two elements and a strong image for the second and third, and then connect those two separate images through some “story” sort of thing. Let’s try all of this out in the future.

As you may know, my dream goal (dream dream?) is to fly. Fly in the skies. In the clouds. Over the sea. Through cities and buildings. Fly. But not just fly. Fly LUCIDLY. Please think about this and remember this goal as I fall asleep and during the night. Let’s lucid dream and fly.



Sunday 28 September 2014

Dear Good Sir,

I apologize for taking so long to get my act together and write to you again. But it’s back and that’s all that really matters. This has been a bit of an eventful week, but I’ll have to write about certain things with time instead of overloading you now (though I really should make myself go through that after taking so long but whatever).

I’ve discovered a possible new passion and talent for myself this week: slacklining. It’s very similar to tightrope walking except it is a flatline, so a little easier to stand on and it doesn’t bore into your feet I’m sure. And wow, is it fun. My RCC, who first started learning a long time ago at a circus camp, set it up and showed a few of us on Thursday. It took awhile to even learn to last a few seconds on the line, but I apparently am a natural with this or lucky because I started taking my first steps on the line by the end of the night’s practice on Thursday which Mark said seemed fast. I quickly began to love the activity, one for its coolness in terms of a cool talent. But also, for the associations with mindfulness that I am finding in the practice. 

Slacklining really requires mindfulness to be possible. You really have to be in the moment with all of your attention to stay up on that line. You need the utmost placement of your center of gravity in order to keep from falling off, and that really can only be achieved when you are really focused. So naturally, this activity really puts you into the moment. On top of that, the activity itself seems to even train mindfulness in that to stay up, you have to be small with your adjustments to your center of gravity. When you get frustrated, it can be rather tough to keep these adjustments small which can easily lead to one slip in balance leading to a slightly bigger one and so on until you can’t stay any longer. You really have to stay calm and almost just wait for the slip in balances to go away rather than try to get rid of it yourself. I’m only a few days in, but I am very hopeful for my interest and devotion to this new practice.

I had quite a scare this morning. I woke up around 8 or so normally, recording a dream, and then continued to sleep. In the next dream, things were normal in terms of a dream, but at a certain point, after a part in the dream where on a Google Maps-look alike I watched a signal on the map do this animation sort of like mimicking the center of an earthquake taking place though I didn’t fully internalize it like that during the dream. Then, the dream transitioned to me laying in bed as if I had woke up. Then without any warning, the peace suddenly was shattered as I felt myself being violently shaked which lasted a few seconds before waking up for real. But I didn’t realize that I had still been asleep this whole time, and woke up thinking there was an earthquake. It took me a bit to shake it and realize that all of this was just an elaborate and very realistic, at least in terms of what my mind apparently thinks an earthquake feels like. The biggest giveaway was that, at least I don’t think, earthquakes generally don’t start that violently but sort of build into that violently shaking. But what do I know having not experienced one, at least that I felt. We’ll see maybe (especially with all of these earthquake-likely places that I love i.e. Cali and Japan).

So, office hours are awesome. Please remember this. Especially this quarter. I went to office hours for CS221 for my problem set. I wasn’t expecting too much and was only going for a few problems and wasn’t planning on staying too long. But it ended up being SO VERY helpful over the 2-3 hours that I stayed. I don’t know if Amrit is just awesome or what, but he was a great TA. Though I haven’t really had a bad experience with office hours before (though I feel like I’ve heard of others’), so maybe TA’s are great in general. Please go more often!!!

And my final note to you, good sir for tonight: KEEP YO TIRES FILLED PLEASE. If you do, WE BE ROLLIN’. Seriously though. After yesterday’s tire issues, I finally filled my tires up this afternoon. And WOW. The extent that it improved my bike’s momentum efficiency is ABSURD. Biking up Santa Teresa again was so easy. Hill what? Apparently having filled tires is really important...REMEMBER PLEASE IN THE FUTURE. 

Thanks, Marcus Francium Tomato-Bro Jackson