Saturday 3 January 2015

Dear Good Sir,

Ah. Bro. This is my first writing of 2015, and my first writing for a few weeks now. I took a short hiatus from journaling over the past few weeks, initially unintentionally, but just from laziness that I decided to allow in order to give some willpower rest. But it’s 2015, and as I’ll have you know soon enough, 2015 is going to very different for me, but especially along the lines of willpower. From here and forward more, you will always have the full potential of my willpower. I don’t worry, there’s quite a lot of it. As I’ve noted previously (though maybe not in writing), in the past, I haven’t made a habit of always utilizing my willpower, often at times not using it all. Well, I want to change that. Not only does it require having access to the full potential of my willpower, but I also need to make a habit of putting this powerful willpower to use. Especially in terms of getting things done. But more on that later, likely tomorrow, when I am very formal about my goals for the year and such.

I finished Serial on Wednesday on the way back to California on the plane. Since I didn’t write then, I wanted to write about my thoughts. First of all, the podcast has been really awesome and I applaud the creators, like Sarah Koenig, for their work. I truly felt that she did a really good job of showing all sides, considering many points of argument and going above and beyond to try to bring light to a big mystery, 15 years after the events of the mystery took place. It’s no simple thing to figure out a mystery right after it happened, but 15 years later is almost unthinkable. But Sarah has shown that maybe it can be done to some extent. Of course, this mystery wasn’t fully solved, but that was never an expectation or likely outcome.

In terms of my thoughts on the mystery, when it comes down to it, I feel that I really don’t know who did it despite all of the information presented. There’s just way too much uncertainty and unanswered questions and things that just don’t have a clear explanation. If I was on a jury, I agree with Sarah that I just couldn’t say that without a doubt that I think Adnan did it. There’s just not enough evidence for it. Not now. Certainly not then. I really feel that Adnan was wronged in this case regardless of whether he did it or not in that, I don’t feel like the jury had enough evidence presented to them to convict Adnan.

On Wednesday, outside of doubt, I believed it was less likely that Adnan killed Hae than that he did. But, again, I don’t know who to point to as having done it then though. Even then, I didn’t really think it too likely that it was Jay that did it or that at least framed Adnan. If anything, I feel like maybe there was some third party involved with Jay that was more so responsible. Who that is, I honestly don’t know. But I do feel like if Adnan is telling the truth, that Jay has to know who this third party is. Meaning the talk about that serial killer that they are trying the DNA tests also for probably isn’t the killer just since I can’t think or even see how Jay would be involved with a serial killer like that. But who knows.

Today, after talking to Zach H. about Serial a little bit, I learned that Jay has opened up and done an interview with another reporter unrelated from the Serial crew. After reading the series of articles recounting the interview, Jay opens up in my mind as a more believable person. Hearing the story again from him helps me see it as more possible. Especially, that he opened up about who he was trying to protect and such. He mentions in the interview that he was worried about the pot dealing he was doing and the threats that Adnan was allegedly making to him about turning him in and how this would affect Jay’s grandmother, whose house Jay was doing his dealing from. Jay also claims to have been trying to protect all of the different people that happened to be around Adnan that evening when Jay and Adnan went to Jenn’s house since they were in no way involved, and he didn’t want them to be brought into this.

Jay also talks about how this podcast has brought real life consequences to him and his family through somehow his personal information being leaked onto Reddit and the internet at some point earlier on during the show being aired which has led to people coming to his house and such and his name being connected to the murder and different things online which brings bad reputation things to him. He claims that Sarah or some of the Serial crew leaked the personal information and that Sarah is lying in the many emails that interviewers put in the article that Jay provided that were provided from an email exchange between Sarah and Jay.

Personally, I don’t think that Sarah or the Serial crew leaked this personal information, as for one, they wouldn’t be dumb enough to do something like that since that could very easily get them in trouble, but beyond that, I feel that they morally wouldn’t do something like that as I feel that they understand how wrong that would be and the real life consequences that could bring to Jay or that leaking personal information in general about these very real people in the show could bring.

After reading all of this, I lean more towards Adnan actually being guilty and the explanation for Jay’s constant inconsistencies being those he claims in the interview to be protecting. It does kind of make sense and add up. But at the same time, I still don’t know for sure, obviously, and still remaining at doubt of the true happenings in this mystery. There’s a lot of lying that took place, which some could say, has been done by either Jay or Adnan, but likely it’s both. Who knows what truly happened. If those DNA tests end up taking place then perhaps that could help shed light.

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson


Sunday 4 January 2015

Dear Good Sir,

Tomorrow my classes begin. But the quarter has already begun. I kicked off last night and today with efforts towards goals, old and new alike. Effort especially came in the form of the nightly and morning routines, two things that I hope will help lots with bringing in habits I want to start now and continue forever.

However, before I really get into any of that, I think I should be very clear about what my goals are, for the month, for the quarter, for the year. Though when it comes down to it, the goals for each time frame are essentially the same. These goals fall into several different areas: knowledge, physical, social, mental, dreams, productivity, life.

For knowledge, there’s a few different things that I can think of right now. For one, I want to really improve and even master my Japanese this year. For this quarter, this means creating some habits for practicing really well and very often, daily. Anki will be essential for this. On top of really reviewing and solidifying all the material that I have learned in the past, I really want to build the habit of taking the material that I am learning at the moment and review it at the time to the extent of not really needing to review much later because I got it down at the time so well. But on top of that moving it from short term to long term memory. That’s probably the biggest goal in terms of tango, kanji, bunpou: moving it all to long term. Over the course of a quarter, I honestly think that is totally feasible.

On top of getting the material down, I also really want to work on my listening and speaking skills as well, especially listening. For listening, I will search this week for a game show or something which involves normal people talking normal speech and listen to that without subtitles putting in a lot of effort in listening. And I’ll do that everyday. Surely, that will improve my listening even if just a little bit by the end of the quarter. For speaking, I will probably find a way of incorporating that into the Anki practice times in addition to meeting with the tutor perhaps weekly.

This goal of making a habit of moving things to long term memory is not exclusive to Japanese though and another goal for the quarter is doing this for the rest of my classes. Again, Anki will probably be the ideal medium for making that happen. I want to make bringing things to long term or taking the steps to do so something that is second nature. Perhaps, I can find a way of doing this too with my intellectual conclusions and realizations and such, to help really learn the realizations that I make.

For physical, I want to make exercising a regular thing and something that I do consistently throughout the quarter and throughout the year. But not just exercising, I want to run regularly even more than in my XC days, with dedication. That doesn’t necessarily mean at the same intensity as back then per se, but I want it to be something I do all the time, even in crunch times. Honestly, I think exercising may be more important than getting an extra hour or two of sleep, so worth the sacrifice of some sleep for it.

As a result and since I believe the morning may be the ideal time for running for me, I will focus on making a habit out of running every morning this quarter even on the weekend though perhaps a break once a week. To do this, I have created a morning routine which will make this possible. More on the details of the actual morning routine later. On top of running regularly, I also want to workout somewhat frequently even if I don’t go to the gym, so that is something else that I will incorporate time into my regular week to do so.

For social, I want to continue with the effort that I started putting last quarter or whenever into making an effort to see friends each week. I do not have any formal things that I expect myself to follow each day, but in general, I will make an effort to see some friends each week. One thing that will help is making an effort to be more open to invitations from others as well as extending invitations to others more frequently. Something else that might help would be creating a list of my friends here at Stanford and outside of Stanford and just keep tracking of the last time you’ve seen them or talked or hung out and using that as a way of visibly being able to see who you may want to hang out with since you haven’t seen them in a while. In other words though, I’d like you to make a better effort also with people outside Stanford.

Romantic goals are also included in social. However, this is a subarea that is difficult to make real solid goals outside of things that I’d like to make effort to. The biggest thing I suppose would be making an effort to being open to romantic things entering your life and making an effort to try to bring in these things. On top of that, being resilience and keeping a good attitude to the whole process. Dropping generality for a moment though, right now, as you know, I am interested in Chelsea, so I will continue making an effort in the courting process of her, for lack of a better way to put it. As Gina said yesterday, don’t give up so easily!

For mental, I want to make meditating a regular daily habit. Along the same vein as exercise, I will be using the morning routine to do this, expecting at least 10 minutes of meditation everyday. In order to keep up with still having 45 minute meditations frequently, I am proposing taking a day off from running every week and instead of running doing a 45 minute meditation.

Outside of making meditation a habit, I also just want to work on good mental skills and practices and habits. This is a less tangible of a goal, but this will come in the form of making an effort to be more aware of my mental state throughout the day and being more aware of how my thoughts and thought processes affect me. As I’ll mention in more detail in a later paragraph, I will be using calendar reminders through my phone to help remind me to be more aware during the day, and I will incorporate mental check-ins into this as well. Also just journaling and checking in on myself every night will also help.

For dreams, I want to make this the year that I make lucid dreaming practice a habit and a thing that works and helps me realize my long held goals of lucid dreaming regularly. The nightly routine that I am putting into place will largely be responsible for making this happen as well as the awareness reminders mentioned in the previous paragraph. The morning routine will also help in that I will be making recording my dreams and typing them out a habit in the morning (as well as focusing on making it a faster process). Something else that may help, which just occurred to me so I’ll have to do more brainstorming/thinking about this in the future first, is doing regular analysis of my dreams and perhaps even breaking down statistics on them. I’ll make a note to think about this this week so I can get this going soon if I so choose.

For productivity, I want to better my productivity through finding ways and skills that help me get things done in a timely reasonable manner. A big part of this I think is being clearer to myself about what needs to be done and establishing habits of getting things done, specifically important things, as soon as possible, prioritizing these things over everything else, especially over personal, fun, non-essential things. In order to help decrease my procrastination and splurging into these non-essential things too often, something that I am going to toy with this week and perhaps even more later on, is something that seems counter-intuitive. Essentially, I am going to do these non-essential things more often, just for short amounts of time. So I might schedule myself an hour of working then taking a 10 minute break for a game or something along those lines. The idea is to split up the work and getting important things done with frequent but short breaks. Hopefully, this will help me feel that I am getting to do these non-essential things that I enjoy while also getting my work done. More on how this is working out later this week.

In addition to these efforts, I also want to learn and make a habit of the art of small things. More specifically, I refer to the idea of being able to accomplish many large things over a long time by breaking down the large things into a small, short things which I do on a regular basis. While I won’t necessarily make a lot of progress daily, it will slowly add up and over a long period of time, I’ll be able to accomplish the overarching goal. When it comes down to it, a lot of things are best done or really only feasible over a long period of time anyway, so the art of small things, really is ideal. A few things that I’ll use to help learn this art right now will be with reading, writing my memoir, and a lot of the other things that I have mentioned in previous paragraphs, since as you’ll notice, a lot of the previous things I want to do in an art of small things sort of way.

On top of the previous things, I also want to do better with being productive over breaks since I am sick of the absolute lack of productivity that I have over breaks. Taking a break is really important and I honestly acknowledge that, but that doesn’t mean I can’t do anything productive during a break. I think the art of small things will really come in useful here and in general just outlining goals on a daily basis, something that I will try to make a habit of doing throughout the year.

Finally, for life, as I just mentioned, I want to write a memoir this year. This is an idea that came up last year some time after reading David’s senior memoir and being inspired to do something similar. I was planning on working on this during the break, but lack of productivity coupled with a realization that writing a memoir of my life from day 1 to now (or up to 2015 at least) is not a quick or easy feat. Instead of trying to do it quickly, I will tackle it from an art of small things perspective and break it down over a long period of time. More on this in the week to come.

Another goal in the life category which sort of builds on the idea of a memoir is doing monthly analyses in addition to an end of the year analysis which will be a yearly addition to the memoir. A monthly analysis will break down the month and use my daily journals, the charts spreadsheets, on top of other data to see where I am and how I’m doing in addition to being sure to keep up with random values that it would just be interesting to keep track of. By the charts spreadsheets, I refer to what previously was the Goal Tracker spreadsheet, but has been renamed and standardized. I did a lot of work on the Template Charts today which I hope is something that I can fill out without changing the rest of the year. It would be immensely to collect a year of this data (and years and years afterwards).

A final goal (for now) in the life category is to really challenge myself intellectually and learn more about the world and develop and work on my views of life. One specific area along these lines are my religious/spiritual views. Initially inspired from my conversation with Chelsea last month, this is something that I have already started moving forward on during the break and the past few days. The main thing in this process has just been starting to reread the book that my spiritual views of the past several years are built upon: What Dreams May Come. 

On top of rereading this book and reflecting on it along the way, I also would like to expose myself to religious things this quarter. What exactly this will consist of I am not sure yet, but one thing that I know I’d like to do is talk to a pastor, likely one at MemChu. I am not entirely sure of what exactly I want to ask a pastor or what I’d like to get out of such a conversation, but I think that doing this would provide a way for me to dive right into my views and help figure out what I am right now. Also, perhaps, I’d be interested in getting involved with religious group or something religious something. I have absolutely no idea right now. More on that soon. Do look for a journal about my reading of What Dreams May Come so far tomorrow.

Now that I’ve gone over all of my goals for the year (which may change and such with time, which is okay), I’ll mention a few things that I have already formalized that will help me achieve them, which can be found in more detail in the 2015 planning document. One is the morning routine which consists of waking up at the same time every morning throughout the week (outside of one day a week for sleeping in) which is set this quarter between 7:30-8:00 AM, then immediately getting up and typing up my dreams, then meditating. Finally, I’ll change and go for a run. 

Another is the nightly routine which consists of shutting down all technology then reading for a bit before spending a few minutes to pray then think about dreams and dream goals and such. Then, after getting into bed, I will spend 10 minutes doing a dream priming process. This process is saying a mantra, solidifying resolve, and dream visualizing. After the 10 minutes, I actually lay down to sleep while continuing this dream priming as I fall asleep.

A final thing that I’ll mention here in this journal is awareness reminders that I have set for every two hours throughout the day. When the reminder goes off, I will stop and take a moment or two to become aware and question my state of reality and whether I am currently in a dream. Then I’ll check in on myself and see how I am doing mentally, physically, etc, noting down anything that I which to remember for later or need for the charts spreadsheet.

This has been a long journal, but a very VERY important for the year and something that I’ll likely refer to often. Expect more important journals over the next few days as I journal more specifically over different things that I didn’t have time to go into super detail over tonight. And thank you for reading and being me.

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson
May all beings know peace and be free from suffering.


Monday 5 January 2015

Dear Good Sir,

I spent a lot of time working on the SOOP website through Weebly today. I have been surprised by how easy the process is with Weebly. Now seeing this, I feel inspired to go help Ma make her own site since I think that could be a huge step of progress for her and actually really help her get going with making art regularly and enough of it to be able to support herself better as a result. I don’t know if it’ll actually bring such good results, but nonetheless, I think it’s certainly worth the effort and worth trying. 

I’m totally willing to help her with the creation process and such, but I feel like it would a bit easier for her to get the end result that she wants by sitting down and doing a lot of the website design parts herself. It would certainly be easier than me trying to keep trying different things and such. And Weebly seems simple enough that I think she’d be able to get it pretty easily. I will try to get this process going soon!

As you know, I started reading What Dreams May Come again last week. Since I have made some good progress as this point, I’d like to do some journaling about my impressions so far. First of all, despite having read this book before, I am stricken by how fascinating and absorbing this book is. I cannot seem to get enough of it. I almost feel like I’m gonna want to read it again after I finish it; which would also help with really knowing the material anyway.

Another thing that I should say is that, honestly, when it comes down to it, I think I still believe every bit of what I’m reading. It just seems to make sense and click for me. In such a way that I truly wonder, how else could things be? What else could there be after death (if anything)? I don’t know if it’s the appeal of the story or if it’s just that it really makes sense. I think a big part of it for me is all of the metaphysical and dream related stuff that I did and learned about years ago which have a lot of parts that just seem to align with what I find in What Dreams May Come. It’s the sort of thing that I feel like probably lies within the patterns that Richard Matheson probably found in all of the books he read in preparation for the book.

I don’t know if it just didn’t stick with me very well last time or what, but something that I am noticing and picking up on right now as I am reading is all of the details about Summerland itself. One big thing that I am realizing right now that I don’t feel like really clicked with me in the past is that Summerland isn’t necessarily “heaven” in the same sense of the word. In that, I mean that it’s not the end, the final step of the journey. Instead, Summerland seems to just be a part 2 of sorts in the journey of life.

I am really picking this up from noticing all of the hints at the lack of “perfectness” that is always associated with heaven. I haven’t quite gotten to the parts of the book about all of the lower frequency realms and such, but it seems like there are a lot of people that don’t go to Summerland, possibly for quite awhile. But even with the people that do, they still have to deal with all of the same problems, mental-wise at least, that they were dealing with on Earth. In a lot of ways, Summerland just seems like a purgatory of sorts as you continue on with life, just in a completely mental-based place, slowly moving towards an enlightenment of sorts, which could be said the same about life on Earth. Basically I’m saying that the purpose of life on both Earth and Summerland seems to be the same. So Summerland is just simply a continuation, just under completely different conditions based on a completely mental landscape.

More on the wonderful What Dreams May Come again soon!

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson



Tuesday 6 January 2015

Dear Good Sir,

I listened to another podcast today that really makes me question what the nature of memory and truth is, comparatively to the effect Serial had on me. It was a Radiolab podcast called Outside Westgate which was about the Westgate shopping mall shooting which took place in Nairobi, Kenya. Terrorists walked into a shopping mall and started just shooting, and a battle ensued which last a few days apparently. Reporters attempted to find out what was happening inside from the outside, asking people who escaped. The producer for this story who was a reporter there explained different eye-witness accounts that he received.

The issues start to come up when after the event had taken place, FBI and other investigation teams were invited in to figure out what happened. Tons and tons of eyewitness accounts told how there were 10-15 shooters during the attack which was what was reported at the time. There was also talk of the terrorists being multi-racial with blacks, arab, and there even being one white woman among them, as well as a multitude of other stories, many said by multiple people independently.

But the investigation teams came in, reviewed all of the security footage from the multiple cameras around the mall, then came out later saying many things that just didn’t match up with the tons and tons of eyewitness accounts. For example, they claim that there were only 4 terrorists and all of them were al-Shabaab members (terrorist group). Nothing about a British woman or a myriad of other stories mentioned by many eyewitnesses. One crazy story mentioned was of a lady that was hiding under a table who KNOWS she saw two of the terrorists, who she says were about 17 years in age, were wearing long sleeve shirts. But the images of the four terrorists showed no long sleeves. 

Essentially, the report by the investigators just completely went against the majority of the eyewitness reports making this whole thing VERY hard to reconcile for the survivors. It almost made it seem like the FBI and others were trying to cover something up. How the heck could this woman who was THERE, be said to be wrong by the people investigating who were not there but only using security camera footage and investigation after the fact to make their report.

Then, there was a whole other part about a man who lost his wife in the shooting who KNOWS he saw one of the terrorists escape having seen the man drop his weapon and escape with the crowd. But no one believed him or were in the state of mind to do anything about it at the time. Then weeks or months later, he spots the man randomly at a bar and calls up the reporter giving the story to come and to contact the police and such. Then when the police question the man, there is a shady proceeding as the man first says he’s from Kenya after telling the other man he’s from Yemen, then he ends up showing his passport which says he’s from Yemen then he’s starts saying he’s Yemen. Then, the other man was supposed to go in as a witness against the Yemen terrorist a few days later, but ended up not due to getting threats via phone the next days after to not go in or say anything about the terrorists. And the terrorist ended up getting released. What the heck???

The reporter even took steps to figure out if the investigators were lying about the camera footage by interviewing a documentary director whose team got full access to the classified tapes. The team went very thoroughly through the hundreds of hours of footage. But even they didn’t see anything about multiple terrorists, also corroborating the four man terrorist theory. And the director also helped give possible explanations for some of the eyewitness reports.

And now, a year later, and there’s no better answer than what the investigators gave. Yet, many are still perplexed at this whole thing. I, for one, am absolutely shaken by this. I want to shout FBI conspiracy theory or something, but who knows? But it’s just so hard to shake some of the eyewitness stories. There’s just no explanations for the lack of explanation by the camera footage. The lady KNOWS what she saw the terrorists wearing.

Which brings in the question of the nature of memory. In terms of this lady, for example, she was so confident before the investigators’ report. She knew what she saw in her memory. But then this report came out and suddenly things didn’t make sense. From her perspective, this suddenly seems like either the investigators’ are lying or somehow her memory is wrong or her mind is lying to her or something. Then after learning from the reporter that the investigators’ at least weren’t lying, she’s left unsure of what to think. Could she have remembered the wrong thing? Maybe she saw someone else wearing those long sleeve shirts? But could she have such a vivid picture and story with the pregnant lady and all, and even some of her thoughts and perceptions about the terrorists, yet have what they were wearing wrong? What’s going on here???

Then, from my perspective as an outside observer or even from her perspective as someone that was there, what does truth really mean at this point? When it comes down to it, we just want to hear what our minds are screaming at us to believe, that the eyewitness accounts are right and something either screwy or corrupt happened regarding the camera footage. People may try to give us these speculative explanations for some of the conflicting reports, but we don’t want to listen to that. But from a truth perspective, what if those explanations ARE right? We don’t want to believe them, so how could we even know? We don’t want to believe the investigator report, so there’s not really anything that can change it when you think about. 

What would it take to appease our frustrated minds that want the real truth? When the real truth, i.e. what literally happened that day, may have already been presented, but we don’t believe it? All that could really appease us is something that actually explains the eyewitness accounts and very likely would have to be evidence to support the eyewitnesses and discredit the investigators and camera footage. But what does that even look like? What evidence could even exist to do that? I’m not sure that there is any evidence that could do that.

When it comes down to it, all we have that could possibly be evidence is memory. But memory unfortunately doesn’t necessarily work as evidence in the same way that camera footage does. Memory is subject to manipulation by our minds and thoughts. So if we say that truth equals the actual happenings of that day, truth probably isn’t possible or obtainable. What really makes you question: what is truth then, or does it even really exist?

Even outside of this shooting, what is truth? I can sit here and record my whole life, detail by detail, doing my best to capture each memory just as it happened. But when it comes down to it, it won’t work, because memory doesn’t work that way. Memory is not an accurate portrayal of how something happened. The only accurate portrayal of how something happened is the actual physical moment of that thing happening. That present moment as it takes place. Outside of that, unfortunately, even with recording the present moment happening, that isn’t enough. Even if you recorded the event from all angles and those videos somehow could be compiled to perfectly capture that moment, you’d still be missing tons of sensory data in many forms. And even if you try to bring something like a machine that can record our memories as videos into the equation, I’d argue that even that wouldn’t work because I feel like our memories are still subject to change by our minds, likely even if you recorded the memories in real time as the person was experiencing something.

What am I trying to get at here? One, I am trying to give an understanding of the frustration that I face at feeling that truth, based on the definition given earlier at least, is unattainable. The same frustration that I feel with Serial, and that I am SURE that thousands and thousands of other listeners feel. That the truth: who really killed Hae; when and where it happened; who of Adnan and Jay are lying (likely both) and to what extent and why. None of that we will ever be able to know for sure in the sense of real truth. It’s just not possible. Even if both poured out everything: guess what. It wouldn’t work. For the exact same reasons I gave for Westgate. What if they have already told us the truth (even though we know for a fact that at least one is lying)? What would it take for us to believe the real truth if it is or has already been given. 

Truth is unattainable. In regards to all of the happenings in life. I don’t like it. But I don’t know that there’s anything that can be done besides letting go of the need to want the real truth. The best we can get is close to the truth. But we will always run into the problem and fear of whether the close to the truth that we think we have is actually the close to the truth that we think it is and not a lie. Agh. I hope the amount of words that I just poured out helps to give an idea of the frustration I feel.

Thanks, MFJ



Except I’m not done. I hate to do this, but I have more to write and I feel like I need a good separation from the novel I just wrote above in this journal already (turn that into a story for a game or something; it would work! Help demonstrate how truth is unattainable!).

This afternoon something took place which frustrated me to no end afterwards (outside of the podcast). I walked to the Outdoor Center to pay for WROLC, intending to go take pictures of the no-longer-a-mud-hole lake afterwards before walking to work. But I was running out of time in leaving and basically was set on just going straight to work, considering going to get my bike to speed things up. But as I left the Outdoor Center, guess who I saw leaving in front of me. Chelsea, duh. Despite my large number of false positives over the past few days in identifying her, I knew for a fact immediately that I knew that was her. She was just leaving the gym with another girl. 

But of course, you know me. I IMMEDIATELY said to myself, well I guess I’m not getting my bike then turned left and started taking the path past the bikes to reach Santa Teresa, thinking that they were headed back towards GovCo. But then as I am about to cross the street, I see them walking down Santa Teresa the way I’m going. At this point, I have already started collecting data to cross the street, and I’m not good with changing decisions like this that require me to stop what I am already in the process of doing or that require me to gather new data very quickly, otherwise I’d be at potential risk. So I continue with crossing the street which would put me walking in front of them. 

Despite them leaving the gym just in front of me, because of my speed-walking speed, I had a good lead in front of them. I had to turn my head to look for traffic to cross, but made it quick somehow and avoided even stopping and seeing them with my own eye then continued onto the sidewalk and continued forward. Not stopping to say anything. Not doing anything that I know that I should do. All feelings aside, if I want to get a meal with someone or whatever, and if I possibly may need to arrange such a thing in person to make that happen, then by all means, I should be taking the FIRST opportunity I have to go about that. But here I was, doing the exact opposite. Speed-walking and increasing the distance between us as fast as possible.

By the time I got to work (which I by the way, I barely made it to on time meaning if I had stopped I would have been late likely. But don’t give me those crap excuses anyway), I had had it with you. I wasn’t going to deal with this crap anymore. I just didn’t see any good reason to be putting up with this from you anymore; something that you’ve been doing for ages i.e. back in Lovett days too. 

Your avoidance tendencies just frustrate me to no end. I don’t really feel that a courting process like this is for you. I by no means am saying that I don’t think you are capable for such a process, because believe me you are. I’m just saying that you aren’t built for this. And these processes are SO stressful for me. I hate it so much going through this. And it’s always the same from you. I am making no comments about the success of these processes or anything along those lines. I am talking about how stressful you make it for me.

Which is why, I decided earlier to stop. To give up on it. I don’t want to be in this stressful position anymore. I am letting go of trying in that process. Not because I don’t think it’s going well; because really I have no real data either way to make any real conclusion. But because, I don’t feel like this process is fit for you or really worth going through. That’s how I felt earlier at least (also please forgive my transformation of talking AT you in the past few paragraphs when I was previously talking in a more past tense form at the you of that past time of when that was happening. I am writing this to the you of the future not the you of that past time, so the use of you in the past few paragraphs wasn’t warranted or correct (felt like I should give a formal stance on how I feel about the pronouns I use in my journals which is why I just wrote that)).

But on the way back home after work, I reasoned back at my self that had decided to give up that despite myself not thinking that it’s not worth trying, isn’t the chance, even if it’s miniscule, that it could work out worth it? In other words, shouldn’t I at least give it a try and not give up without a better reason to give up such as real data to make a conclusion of things not going well? I know it’s hard to get that data, but that’s another thing anyway unrelated from this we are talking about here.

And yes, I know that there’s a lot of mental suffering associated with this whole process for me, but I have another question, which was developed tonight after reading a random article about consciousness then a random spree of reading things about Buddhism that I undertook afterwards (randomly reading things is generally always a good thing, believe me). Isn’t it I whose creating all of this suffering? What I’m getting at is this: does all of that suffering need to be there? Couldn’t I do a better job with all of the mental stuff and perhaps, at least, reduce the suffering even if just slightly? Or remove the suffering altogether, or at least in spells, as long as I remember to focus on dropping the suffering?

I’d say yes to all of these rhetorical questions. This suffering does NOT have to be there. It’s only there because it’s been my habit for the past several years to create this suffering in the form of anxiety and worrying and such. But I can take steps right here, and right now, to help do away with the suffering. Or at least, to work towards changing these habits of creating the suffering, to by deduction, remove the suffering. How do I do any of this? I don’t know for sure for sure, but I’ve had some success tonight with just focusing on letting go of the suffering. It is  my mind that’s creating this suffering actively, so if I stop that creation process, then it should go away. 

Let’s make this a focus. To let go of the suffering. Really in all areas, but let’s focus on here for now. Remember this for your meditation. Life is good and let go of the suffering. I believe in you, bro.

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson (for real this time).



Wednesday 7 January 2015

Dear Good Sir,

Today brought more mental turmoil and deliberation. I feel in a better place regarding it now though. But to start from the beginning. At work today, I listened to a TAL podcast titled “Pray” which had stories about religious and secular people trying to understand each other. I came out of it, for various reasons, feeling even more driven to talk to a pastor, and coupled with seeing all of those Chi Alpha advertisements everywhere in the dorm, was considering going to the Chi Alpha meeting tonight.

Here lies where the problem appeared though. A big part of me wanted to go to the Chi Alpha meeting. But there was another part of me that didn’t, and for one main reason. Fear and anxiety over seeing Chelsea and everything associated with what might come from that. However, I was not happy about this being what was causing me to hesitate about going which began a mental battle about it.

At this point, I think I had forgotten yesterday’s decisions to some extent. But I began reasoning down those lines again, especially after thinking about a number of things. One being thinking about the number of potential awkward situations that have appeared over time now from the numerous times of me liking someone. Basically at this time, I was thinking about trying to ask a friend to let me come with them to a religious group event. But someone that came to mind was Crystal, but then I started wondering if I or she’d feel comfortable with that and blah blah blah. I just started getting really frustrated with myself for the potential for uncomfortableness with people that I care so dearly for and want to see and hang out with but now have this bubble of awkwardness, at least from my perspective that unfortunately contributes to me feeling uncomfortable with trying to hang out with them which in turn can decrease the amount of time that I see them.

On top of this, I was thinking about all of the mental strain that pursuing someone in general brings on me. You’ve seen it time and again, and it’s never pretty on my end. I’m sick of that. I’m sick of going through that. I refer more so to pursuing someone I don’t really know more so, but even when it comes to expressing how I feel to someone that I do know well. That still generally causes me a lot of mental strain. I don’t wanna deal with that anymore. So while yesterday sort of seemed to be going in this direction, it didn’t quite get there, but I’m there now. I think (ha, notice the lack of certainty on that) I’m done with pursuing and done confessing how I feel. Yeah, I know how unfortunate that sounds. Believe me. But I just don’t see any reason to go on with this. 

Also, to add something else to all of this, something that I want to start pushing myself away from and to usher in a new era for myself is letting go of allowing women to influence me the way they have so easily my whole life. I mean how easily swayed and wooed I feel like I can be. How easily influenced into doing things or hanging out with certain people or going certain places, just because a girl asked me to or because a girl that was giving me a lot of attention was going there, etc, etc, etc. I could give you endless examples of this (Mariko, just to name one).

While none of the times in the past have ever proved all that bad or anything, I feel like it’s foreseeable for this to lead to something quite a bit more bad. I don’t know what, but I don’t want to see something like this happen. In addition, I just don’t like feeling so easily influenced. I feel like it’s a lack of self of control on my part or something. I just don’t feel like it reflects well on me. To add to the previous things, something probably much bigger, I feel like this easily influenced-ness that I was describing has MAJORLY influenced who my close friends throughout my life have been. By that, I mean, a lot of my close friends during my life have been female, a lot more often than male. And I think that is largely because of this influence.

In other words, I think this influence has prevented me from having more close male friendships in my life. And I don’t think that’s okay. Especially with how close female friendships can just change suddenly or there can be the issue of when that friend gets a boyfriend (or already has one) which make seeing them less frequent and possible and cause awkwardtism, etc. All of this can be avoided from having close male friends, yay!

If anything, I think this last reason is more than enough of a reason to end my dealings with pursuing and confessing how I feel. I guess these two things aren’t necessarily all that related, but this last reason certainly gives me cause to put in a lot of focus on stopping that influence that has been causing trouble for me all of these years. I really just want to change how I think about these things in my mind and how I see females in general. I don’t want to cause myself mental turmoil or be influenced (in the ways I was describing before) over females.

And please, understand that I am in NO WAY saying that friendships with females are a bad thing or to be avoided. Many of my close friendships are with females and they are great and these are some of the people that I really care about. And that’s great, and I should continue with that. I’m just saying that moving forward, I want to focus on cultivating close friendships with males more so, and just in general try to make becoming friends with males more the priority, and even perhaps, put priority towards my male friends (in a general way).

So I suppose I don’t have to completely stop myself from pursuing and confessing how I feel. But at the same time, I kinda have to do. Because that’s the only way to really stop that influence and to stop that unfortunate way of thinking that leads me down the path of liking basically every girl I meet. It’s more so that I am stopping myself from liking anyone or thinking about such things. Basically, I want to focus on cultivating platonic relationships, from the beginning and forever onwards. Basically, I want it to be that, if I ever think of trying to take things in a non-platonic way, then it has to be coming from the female herself or I have to know that’s the direction they want to go in. And even when this is the case, I still may not change so easily. I can’t flip at every potential instance.

I apologize. I initially started on a narrative of what was happening earlier, but then started developing what I was thinking about earlier to the point that I have gone in a different direction from the start. But to go back, basically after dinner, I was going in the direction that I just continued with in the past few paragraphs. But unfortunately, that didn’t solve my dilemma. I still felt anxious and fearful of the idea of going to the Chi Alpha meeting and seeing Chelsea. I still felt that it could cause awkward things that I want to avoid. But then I was feeling annoyed by this and so on. I kept trying to convince myself that it would be fine in some way or another.

I also started thinking about how I could go there with someone else I know and tried to figure out who I know that might be going to the meeting. I ended up texting Brian, just asking if he’s still doing bible study, instead of asking about Chi Alpha, but hoping he might mention it, but he didn’t. Though this did open up the avenue of him connecting me with a bible study group soon which is good.

I did reach a point of feeling okay regarding the seeing Chelsea part. But I still felt anxious about going. Which I realized was for different reasons. It wasn’t about her anymore. I was more scared about the idea of going to this potentially big meeting with a ton of people that I don’t know. In other words, it was social anxiety that was making me feel uncomfortable about going. I ended up trying to use a coin flip to help myself out, but I said that I’d do two flips and if both heads, I’d go, both tails, I wouldn’t, but 1 of each was ambiguous. I wanted to rely on my spontaneous response to seeing it flip one way or another. But doing two flips was just dumb, as I found out when I got a heads then a tails, then found myself right back where I started.

Eventually I walked outside and saw Mina’s door open and went in there. I eventually went into mentioning my deliberation after asking first about her religious views then answering why I asked and such, but once I brought it up, it wasn’t in that I was still deliberating anymore, but that I had been considering going. She supported my view that going alone probably wouldn’t make things easier for me from a social interaction point of view, also suggesting a buddy sort of thing, bringing up Brian and April. Between them and Crystal, I’m sure I can find someone. And apparently Russell maybe even.

I’ve already texted Brian at this point, and may even contact Russell before next week’s meeting. We’ll see. But I hope it’s clear where I am right now. I’m ready to throw myself into an experience. I told Brian I was interested in a bible study, so that’s bam right in the picture. I also even brought my consideration of visiting the religious group to David, at first in asking about Russell, but then I went more into it. And it was fine. One big worry I think I was having previously was that all my non-religious friends would judge me, but seeing Russell in that picture for Chi Alpha made me reconsider, something I am glad I did, now having talked to David.

And I’d really like to talk to a pastor. I’m still trying to figure out how to go about making that happen, but I really look forward to that. I was thinking a bit earlier about what I’d say or ask, but I can discuss that at more detail with you tomorrow as it’s already late.

I think one of the biggest things that has me so ready to try to jump into a religious group or a bible study or talk to a pastor, is that I really miss the community feel. And the regular, familiarness of it too. I don’t know where I am belief-wise AT ALL, but it’s the people that I really am interested in. Something else that gives me hope and encourages me forward in taking steps is also thinking back to where I was at the end of high school. My visit to Harvard was revealing that if I went there, things would probably be very different than they are here at Stanford for me right now. If you recall, I think through Scott, I visited that Christian group and met some of the people through that and I really liked them and was actually halfway looking forward to going there for that alone. I think I was hesitant belief-wise which makes sense, but it was the welcoming community and people that really was pulling me in.

What is it about the people? I’ll tell you that once I put my foot on what it is.

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson




Thursday 8 January 2015

Dear Good Sir,

I’d like to try to understand what compels me to want to talk to a pastor. I am currently feel the desire to do so, but I don’t fully know the underlying reasons for why. One thing that I touched on in last night’s journal was that I really miss the community aspect and the type of people that I often find in religious groups and communities. I also know that I am interested in exploring my religious views more. I believe my wanting to talk to a pastor is driven, one, by wanting to find such a community, and two, by realizing that talking to a pastor may help me in exploring these views. Maybe, that wasn’t so hard to figure out after all.

I guess what else is important for me to think about is what led me to where I am right now and any general even if vague idea of WHERE I am right now. To generalize up to high school, I was raised as a Christian as you know and went to a Christian private school where we had weekly chapel services. Into high school, I would have called myself a Christian, but I wasn’t necessarily a big Christian per se or someone who prayed very often.

It wasn’t until towards the end of my sophomore year of high school that I’d say I actually did some big thinking about my spiritual and religious views. In my honors English class, when we were reading parts of Dante’s Inferno, we spent a class watching a movie called What Dreams May Come which is based off the book by Richard Matheson. The movie took out of all of the good stuff from the book, like most movies do, so nothing happened just from watching the movie. But later in the semester during my anthology project under the theme of dreams, I decided to find the book and read it. Why not I thought?

What a wonderful decision. This book ended up completely reshaping my spiritual views, most specifically towards the afterlife. I suddenly found myself completely losing all fear of death. Perhaps, not at all at once or immediately, but eventually, seriously. Before long, I stopped really considering myself a Christian, but considered myself an agnostic. I still believed that what Christians believe is technically true. But in the same way, I also believed that what Muslims think is true, and Jews, etc. This book made me gain the thinking that whatever one believes about the afterlife is what is true for that person.

Over the next few years, I continued in this boat. The next relevant event was perhaps my visit to Harvard during its version of Admit Weekend. Scott Peters also got into Harvard who is Christian, and I ended up visiting a Christian student group with him while I was there. Despite not really seeing myself as a Christian, I actually enjoyed meeting the people in the group, and I believe even told them that I was Christian, probably because I didn’t want to feel an outsider and since I “technically” believed that what Christians believe is true. I was of course hesitant on this end of things, but I really did enjoy the community feel I was getting. To the extent that, if I had gone to Harvard, I feel that I would certainly have at least been facing my views very early on if not at least trying to become Christian again. Obviously, I don’t know how things would have gone, but I can certainly say that religion would have at least been on my thoughts early on if not longer.

But I went to Stanford and not having that same impetus, I didn’t go out seeking a Christian group. Since I didn’t really seek out another, I have gone the past two years not really thinking about my spiritual views. And I guess I should say that perhaps I was a bit uncomfortable from visiting the group at Harvard based on my memories and after coming back. But I certainly appreciated their friendliness. I could just sense the community that was there.

It wasn’t until back in December a few weeks ago that I actually stopped to think about religion again. This took place when the night before meeting Chelsea for dinner, I prayed for the first time in quite awhile totally out of the blue. I was worried at the time of whether dinner was actually happening or not, so I was praying that it actually happened and turned out well. Then, the next day came, and I “met” Chelsea and learned that she’s apparently very religious, having become Christian here at Stanford.

Learning this was just a huge shock to me having just prayed the night before totally out of the blue, hoping that this dinner would happen and would go well. Then, she ends up being religious herself? That just shouts at me, a sign of some sort. It’s just too weird. So after that occurrence, and after realizing that I haven’t really thought about my religious/spiritual views since I’ve been at Stanford, I decided that I needed to start putting myself in situations where I would actually think about them. 

Which brings me to here and now. I think I can say all of this, though abbreviated, to whoever I end up talking to, to give them an idea of where I am. Let’s make this happen!

----------

Okay. Everything has just been flipped this evening. I don’t even know what life is right now. I’ll just jump right in. I feel like going over all of what happened again may help anyway since I am still in a bit of shock. I went to dinner at Ricker this evening like usual, and while I was in line to get in, I saw Jemima up ahead which immediately made me start thinking that Chelsea might be around. Nervousness started settling over me quickly. But before long, I saw that Jemima was going to eat with someone else, so through explaining away, I thought I was in the green (see what I did there), and started trying to calm myself down.

But then a few moments later, while I was standing in line for food at the farther area, there was suddenly a moment, when I felt a presence appear next to me, someone on my left side, having just walked up from getting in the dining hall. I could very hardly see the person except just in the tip of my peripheral vision. But I knew INSTANTLY that it was Chelsea. I don’t even know how really. But in that moment, I just completely and utterly froze. I was SO SO SO caught off-guard that I literally did not at all know what to do. Nervousness hit my system like a rocket. It was just too quick for me.

That moment seemed to last an eternity, then she thinking that I had not seen her, she said “hey” perhaps for the second time, as maybe I didn’t even hear her the first time through my shock and freeze up. I turned towards her, doing my portrayal of surprise even though I wasn’t surprised anymore at that point (well, actually yeah I was still surprised in some sense) which I seem to use all the time these days. We started talking, and pretty quickly she brought up that she saw that I had messaged her and asked what I said, explaining that she isn’t good with messages and hadn’t read it. So that’s the key to this whole thing?

By this time, nervousness and anxiety was all over me and in my system to such an extent I haven’t seen since like high school days. I was a wreck. But I did my best to contain it and we caught up a bit talking about our breaks and such. Then, she introduced me to some guy that she was getting dinner with which I am still not sure if he’s something more or what. At this point when they turned away, I saw Mina and April, April coming to hug me. I was still in utter shock and confusion and anxiety at this point i.e. out of it, but tried my best to cover all of that up. They invited me to come eat with them which was good on some levels and bad on others, but I was happy nonetheless.

I started cracking up to myself though, when as we were looking for seating in the very crowded dining hall, we decided to go upstairs, then when we reached the stairs, I saw Chelsea in front of us going up too. Really? We sat down waiting for a table. I was still trying to deal with the nervousness and anxiety throughout my system at this point. There was a point that I thought I’d be able to handle it. But I decided to excuse myself to the bathroom anyway just to give myself some much needed space. In the bathroom, I tried some deep breathing and praying out loud to help me calm down. And to not let this new hope go in vain…

Now the late evening, I am definitely better off than I was a few hours ago, like during the SOOP planning meeting where I was just completely out of it. I just needed some time, and still do really. I am still just in shock from the events of this evening. Maybe it’s not clear of why I am feeling quite the way I am though. It stems from what happened the few days previous. I had reached this great state of revelation about myself and how I wanted to proceed forward. I had decided to let go regarding Chelsea and was in the process of letting that happen. I had decided to focus on cultivating friendships with men, something that I have been missing my whole life, in terms of much needed focus. I was reaching this real good place.

But then, this evening hit me like a しんかんせん. I think on one count it was the suddenness of the occurrence. Chelsea was literally just suddenly there. It wasn’t until seconds after noticing the presence beside me that I actually re-traced backwards and noticed someone walking up to me from the swipe area. And I just instantly knew it was her and knew that the situation that I had been dreading all week was upon me. But then, it started to settle on me that I didn’t need to be dreading. My worst case scenario’ing was horridly wrong about all of this. It was a great, stupid mix-up on my part.

But on a second count, it’s her. The thing that I think shocks me most is just how quickly I flipped and went against all of the decisions of the past few days. I thought I was so settled in on what I had decided. So ready to let go of the pursuing game and such. But bam. She entered back into the scene, and just like that, I was ready to go back at it. There’s something about her. Honestly, when I said a few paragraphs ago that the nervousness and anxiety that I was feeling was nothing like anything that I had seen since high school, I really meant that. I haven’t felt this way about a girl in ages. This anxiety could even be higher than anything I felt in high school regarding Maddi or whoever. But either way, it is certainly the most I have ever faced here at Stanford about someone.

I just can’t shake that. I can’t shake her. But now that I have gotten myself together a bit, I guess all of this is okay. I honestly still have no idea what direction is going though through my reasoning that if she was just seeing this guy a week later after being back then he must not be that important (in relation to what I may have thought previously). And I feel like she was justifying again to me when she said, “since he just got back from abroad” as if she had to have a reason for it to give me.

But despite the flipping that may have occurred tonight, all of the revelations that I came to in the past few days are still there nonetheless and I can still take what I have learned and make the changes that I want to change. But in addition now, I can at the very least still be friends with Chelsea and stop worrying about that and maybe even go to Chi Alpha or whatever. And maybe more? We shall see I suppose. Stay let go the best you can though, yo. No expectations.

Thanks, MFJ

----------

Dude. I just got her number. What the actual hell? I seem to be in SUCH a different position than I thought I was a few days ago. Thank you. God.

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson (for real this time)






Friday 9 January 2015

Dear Good Sir,

I am or was quite annoyed with myself for something that happened this afternoon. Or better yet, what didn’t happen. I have an annoying habit of not acting on random opportunities to do something if whatever it is making me anxious. I am referring to the frequent times when I see someone that I didn’t quite run into just barely or something as I’ve seen them, but they haven’t seen me. 

This happened AGAIN (I’m sorry, I feel like this has been happening a lot recently or I just have a lot of pent up frustration regarding this) this afternoon when I was going to the ATM before going take passport photos at the Bechtel Center. I saw Chelsea biking by as I was going up the stairs, and I could have said something then, but didn’t. Then, I ended up going to the post office, since I reasoned that’s where she was headed by the envelope in her hands, with the sole purpose of running into her. But the same thing happens a bit later with me seeing her at a distance, but then I didn’t do anything again.

What I did do is start getting very frustrated with myself for not taking action twice when it was so simple. Or it seems so simple in thought. I don’t understand what I find so hard about calling out someone’s name or something as they are passing. All you do is just say the person’s name loud enough for them to hear it.

I guess the issue with me lies within the fear/anxiety that I get with such things especially when I am thinking about taking the action to go do those things versus already being in the situation and just having to continue the current path that I am on. I don’t like to put myself out there or to bring attention to myself. But sometimes I feel like I do. It’s an odd duality. I guess it has to do with where I am and who’s around and who’s involved and the situation is.

Whatever it is, I am SO frustrated with it. Sometimes, I just wish I could go into a figurative Avatar state and just execute things well just like anyone else. Though I guess going into Avatar state generally involves doing things that normal people can’t do, but you get what I mean. I just wish I could hit my social anxiety on the head sometimes and put it to rest long enough to be able to do something that should be so simple. But I guess life doesn’t work like that.

Since I generally do better with these sorts of things when I do some pre-processing before a trouble situation comes up, I propose a new general focus. Whenever you have identified formally or informally in your mind some objective that you are trying to accomplish, and while you are going about other things, but suddenly are exposed to a possible path that could lead you to accomplishing that earlier objective faster or better or in general a path with a higher utility, I say that you instantly do whatever is necessary but not unreasonable to get yourself on that new path. I understand that taking that potentially better path may not turn out to be better than the path that you were on previously, but my reasoning is that the expected value of taking this path after putting this new focus into effect will be higher than the expected value of staying on the other path.

So in terms of the earlier situation, the objective is arranging a meal time with Chelsea, and I was out doing something unrelated to that but suddenly found another potential path before me that looked to have a faster route to the objective but with no unreasonable costs (going out of your comfort zone is NOT unreasonable; deal with it) i.e. calling out her name and talking with her briefly and asking her in person when is a good time. I want you to go down this path in the future. Please. I am sick of being frustrated from not doing it. I know it won’t always make things any better, but it could, and that’s worth the try. So remember! Do it for me.

----------

The mind is a dangerous apparatus. Despite all of the revelations that I’ve had in the past week and in my life in general, I still have been causing myself the suffering that I had decided let go of creating. I guess I shouldn’t have ever expected to be able to completely free myself from that so easily. But still. It troubles me that I can spiral into it so easily. But I guess I’m fighting years and years of the habit of worrying and such. Changing that honestly isn’t so simple.

I say all of this because of the worrying that I’ve dipped myself back into again today regarding Chelsea. I was doing a good job of letting go of creating the suffering for most of the day, but there a reached a point this evening that it came back in through the open window. It’s just so hard not to worry. I want so badly that things work out with Chelsea and I. So any hint of that maybe not being the case, regardless of how ridiculous and not even a hint it was, brings in worrying. That worrying can lead to me thinking about other things. And so on.

More positive steps on the path of things working out with us have been taken though. I have Gina much to thank for that. I’ve been hanging out with her at The Bridge while she’s on call tonight. I told her all about what happened this week regarding Chelsea, specifically Wednesday night’s journaling decisions and last night’s absolute flipping of my world. Then, later on, we had a series of conversations about different things from how I am largely responsible for her and Zach getting back together through inviting her to the ASES party and I deciding to drink which made her decide to drink then we going to drunk text then she suggesting let’s call our ex’s then talked about Liu at one point, etc. 

But basically, later on, after she pointed out that we have a habit of making important phone calls around each other, I joked that I should call Chelsea right now. It was only a joke at first, but then later on in the night when I was agonizing about the whole “courting” process and waiting for her to respond and such, I sort of started to consider whether calling her may actually be a good idea in order to arrange a time for dinner. Gina started pointing out many good reasons for this. Eventually, I started actually considering it.

Several hours of deliberation later (okay that’s exaggeration, but it was at least 30 minutes or more and it sure felt like hours), I decided that indeed I should call her. But then I went through my usual process of not being able to press the button, while planning out what to say but then also trying to anticipate way things might go. What worked this time was telling Gina as I approached the front door that when I walk outside, I’m going to press it. And I did.

The phone rang. And rang. Then. Chelsea answered. Trying to prevent myself from feeling surprised or caught off-guard, I jumped into what I had planned, but forgetting to say who it was, then having to step back and say who when she asked. Then, I took a moment to ask if this was a bad time or not even though what I wanted to talk about would be quick. She told me that she was hanging out with Jemima, but could talk. Then I just said that I wanted to figure out when we were both free to get dinner. Then she offered Monday, we agreed on a time, and that was that. So simple. Why did I have to go through so much work for something that was so simple in the end?

So here I am now. Suddenly feeling that 2-3 days is such a long time. Sigh. Such problems, ha. Get lost in your work, and the time will fly away. It’ll be okay. I’m proud of you, dude, though. I know all of this is tough for you. But you keep persisting and taking steps in the right direction, if each step takes some time and effort. I think you’ll make it to your desired destination. I believe in you! But maybe I should take Gina’s point to heart: isn’t it the road that’s more important? Not the end destination? I feel like I used to say this myself that the journey is more important than the destination. Well, that should apply to even the courting process too, right? Maybe, I need to find enjoyment and life pleasure out of this too, regardless of how much I might not like it at times. It’ll certainly make it go better at least. Then, we’ll eventually reach the crossroads to another journey whether with Chelsea or not. Only time will tell. I should be thankful to God that I’m on this journey right now at all though. Thank you, God. Again.

----------

There is something else on my mind, so...I’m back. Again. Something occurred to me earlier while talking to Gina. I pointed out to her as another reason that I sort of don’t want to wait with telling Chelsea how I feel is that, we only have this quarter, then we’re both going to be abroad, me likely through the summer too. Which is a good point, and a somewhat legitimate time pressure.

But then I thought about this a different way. We have a quarter then we’re going to be separated by space for 6 months at least. That’s like less than 3 months, then bam, gone for 6 months! I am crazy to think that this would work out at all?

But I can’t help but want to try at least. I feel from my side at least, despite my dislike for long-distance, that I am completely willing to go through that. Aren’t I mad to think someone else would want to go through that too? Aren’t I selfish to want to ask someone to go through that? I guess maybe not if it’s not necessarily just me asking her to do that. If she wants to do that herself.

I don’t know though. I sort of feel uncomfortable about this. I also am unsure how I never really thought about this. I remember acknowledging that this would happen, but I never really stopped to think about what it really meant from a realistic viewpoint. Obviously, I am assuming that things will work out at all this quarter for the long-distance part to even come into play. But feel that I have to consider this long-distance part now if I want to go about even attempting to reach that point.

I have no solution or answer for you, unfortunately. All I can say is that, I am willing to take the risks despite how crazy it might be, and I am willing to do everything in my power on my end to keep things working out if things work out this quarter to get to that point. So, in other words, you still have the okay from me. 

I guess the better question is when to tell her how I feel. Something else I’m worried about though is that, say I suddenly feel ready to tell her while we are having dinner in the dining hall or something. But I’m not gonna tell her right there in the dining hall! How do I get us outside though?

Maybe it’s simpler than I think though. There’s nothing weird about once we are leaving the dining hall to say, hey do you mind walking with me for a little bit, or something along those lines. Or even setting it up before that. Then, once you are out there, just have some place in mind to go. If you don’t want to start spilling it out while walking then just talk about something else for a bit until you find a suitable place, then suggest sitting down. Simple, yes?

When it comes down to it, I think, one, that no matter how much you want to plan, planning is only going to get you so far. Two, along those lines, you’re gonna have to be very adaptable in the moment, and figure out what to do quickly on the spot. I know you say that you aren’t good on your feet quick like that, but I think you can do it. If anything, what would help you a lot with that is just slowing down. Making a decision quickly doesn’t mean that you have to just spit out an answer just like that. You can take a moment to think it over.

But once you make a decision, what you really need to do is act on it. Immediately. Drop your hesitation. Acknowledge that hesitating will only lead to increasing the probability of losing the opportunity, losing the moment. As I have pointed out to you more recently, you are a person that is VERY good at watching carefully in the moment, waiting and waiting for that opening to appear. Then, once it arrives, you strike. I see that on my bike all the time when you look for an opening among other bikers to speed through and past. I saw that today on the basketball court when you stole or rebounded the ball then just took off for a fast break down the court. And I’ve seen it time and time again in the past in different games and such.

Don’t waste this wonderful ability and skill of yours to find openings or to find the perfect moment for timing something. You’re good at it, but hesitation ruins it. Don’t let hesitation ruin it. Act. Trust your intuition and spontaneity. They are both really good. Believe me. I have full faith in you, bro. While I’m not sure how much I believe in divine stuff and fate, do remember that I’ve been waiting and creating an opening in myself, in my life, for a space that I think Chelsea may be meant to fill. Again, only time will tell. And God. So let’s be thankful for how far we’ve come. And let’s enjoy the rest of the journey down this path of the “courting” process until we find that the time is right and find ourselves at that crossroads. Where we let Chelsea decide which we will go, together, or I will go, alone.

Best, Marcus Francium Jackson


Saturday 10 January 2015

Dear Good Sir,

I had a quite unfortunate realization this evening while going through the Kyoto checklist items, different online things that I have to do before I can go. I was looking at the program calendar again for some reason, and then started thinking about the arrival date that they have there: Sunday, March 29. Worry started to slowly creep upon me as I went to my Google calendar to check the cruise end date again. Saturday, March 28. Crap. More worry started to fall on me as the closeness in these two days began to settle on me.

I think my understanding a few months ago was that I didn’t have to be in Kyoto until the Monday after the cruise. Which, with the cruise ending on the Saturday, gave me a good day window to get back to the Bay Area then catch my flight over to Japan and get to Kyoto. But if they are requiring that I am there on the Sunday, then we have an issue. I did some searching of flight times earlier and even with the best case scenarios it just isn’t possible.

After talking on the phone with Dad about it, I see there is slight hope in either hoping that they’ll allow me to arrive on the Monday or getting off the cruise early to fly back to San Francisco on Thursday or so. I don’t know if the former would be allowed, but I’ll at least try asking. The latter, I don’t know if I’m even comfortable with. He said that we’d be at a city in Mexico on the Thursday. Getting off the cruise in a random city in Mexico to somehow go to the airport and fly to San Fran? Umm...not sure about that one.

As you can see, I’m still not too optimistic about the situation, but we’ll see what happens. I was initially very upset when first learning of the initial problem, and still am in the sense of feeling bad about having to mess up Dad and Mercedes trying to treat me, but I’m sort of okay with the idea of not going in that I wouldn’t have to feel so rushy-rushy as I could take my time during spring break and even have that break to go do something, though what I don’t know. A part of me wants to say spending that time with Chelsea, but then I yell back at that self to stop assuming so much. 

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson


Sunday 11 January 2015

Dear Good Sir,

There is something from the other day when I talked to Gina at length at the Bridge about things regarding Chelsea and more generally about relationships and the asking out part that is still on my mind. It was more so yesterday that it occurred to me, but since it wasn’t immediately relevant, especially not until tomorrow really at this point, I decided to table it. But I want to come back to it now, especially in light to tomorrow’s dinner with Chelsea.

What we had been talking about that I was thinking about yesterday was about the timing of someone expressing how they feel and the validity of this expression in the eyes of the person who the feelings are about. While the gender part of this certainly can be generalized out, I am going to use the stereotypical scenario in terms of genders for ease of understanding as genderless pronouns can get confusing. Gina was saying that sometimes when a guy is expressing his feelings early on in knowing the girl, it can come off as suspicious to the girl in the sense of questioning whether the guy really has enough justifiable reasons to feel the way that he does.

This came up when I was talking about the troubling time situation that I feel could come up in that, say that it does work out and we start dating in the next few weeks, even if it was this week, at best, we’d have like 10 weeks, then bam, we’ll both be abroad, me for potentially 5-6 months. More specifically, it came up when I was saying that I almost feel like I should express how I feel sooner due to the time situation.

She brought up this potential questioning that could happen with also saying that this often happens when a girl wonders if this is the type of guy to like girls very quickly and ask out girls often as a result also of being turned down a lot. Basically, it sounded like she was trying to describe what people often call a “player” or something along those lines.

I can attest that I do often likes girls pretty quickly though on the contrary, I don’t very often actually express how I feel, generally letting things pass. Sometimes I toy around with the idea or whatever, but again, it is infrequent that I actually do anything. Often, I think it’s that I don’t want to risk acting on it without feeling very confident that it will work out. Which is often the case since, as I’ve pointed out and thought about last year especially, a lot of the girls that I end up liking are ones that I am very close with already and don’t want to risk the friendship that we have.

The situation that I am in currently with Chelsea is very unique in terms of the usual situations that I find myself in. As I think I’ve pointed out in the past, this situation seems more similar to ones with Maya or even Maddi to some extent, in that the initial seed of me liking Chelsea came from me and me alone, and not from anything regarding her or how I thought she might feel about me.

In fact, while I’m not sure if I do this regularly or if this is unique to this situation, but going back to what Gina was saying, I almost feel like from the start I was trying to wait to find real reasons to like Chelsea before I even allowed myself to really consider the idea. I think that was a part of what I was praying for back in that curious moment towards the end of winter quarter that night that I randomly prayed before having dinner with Chelsea the next day and learning of her strong religious identity. Yes, the biggest thing that I prayed for was that dinner would occur at all, as obviously that was my biggest concern at the time. But I think I also was praying for that she would turn out to be, one, a good match for me, and two, someone that I would actually really like. Which is completely what I think has happened.

And now looking back at the journal from that time, I see I was taking HUGE precautions to not allow myself to like her too early. First of all, that was the journal that I wrote about what type of woman that I am looking for, but also after that, I just read line after line that suggested that I did not want to allow myself to even try to like her without knowing more about her. To such an extent that I kind of forgot that I was making such an effort to change my old habits. Even after the dinner, I still was trying so hard to pause the momentum that was building in terms of me wanting to like her, mostly because I didn’t want to make myself suffer over the break in waiting, but also, to let things settle a bit and make sure that I really did see good enough of reason to like her and that I wasn’t tricking myself.

Re-reading over those “constraints” as I put it at the time regarding what type of women that I am seeking, I thought it would be curious to try to see how many I can say fit right now. In all honesty, I’m not sure I can say any of them for sure, but they’re all more so intimate details of a woman’s personality and being that I wouldn’t really be able to figure out without knowing her really well as in over a long period of time. In other words, I don’t think these “constraints” are the types of things that I was ever intending to try to apply (all of them at least) before deciding to like someone or express how I feel.

I can make some guesses based off of what I know about her and the type of person that she seems to be. She seems like the type to really appreciate another human being for who they are regardless of any faults or anything that the person or other people at least think and claim are faults. The previous is suggested to me partly based off of the regular visits to the Tenderloin for ministry that she takes. Also, since she seems like an extremely nice person, she seems like she would be willingly to do the things that I enjoy even if that is not what she normally does. And, based off her offhand random mentioning of the idea of walking from one side of NYC to the other, maybe she’s an explorer at heart? More data gathering and analysis will be required.

So, going back to the original source of all that I started discussing in the past few paragraphs, I had sort of been thinking about whether I fit the description of the type of guy that Gina was talking about. Well, honestly, I think yesterday I sort of came to the conclusion that I don’t fit that description for various reasons, and I even more so see that now at this point after some analyzing and looking back.

No, what more so was and is on my mind was whether I have reason enough to like Chelsea to the extent that I do. Unfortunately, that’s not a simple question, especially for me. The reason I say specifically for me is that I really don’t know what constitutes enough. There’s no golden rule for something like this. No handbook or guidelines to look up and follow. This is something that I have to decide myself based on what I think is reasonable.

And honestly, from my perspective, I feel justified, completely. Something that stands at the forefront of this whole situation and something that I’ve been saying since back in December is that this all feels divine, or “cosmic” as Gina described it. The way that I feel about Chelsea is unique, not like anything I’ve felt about anyone else. I guess it’s hard to confirm that I didn’t say or feel that way about Maya, but one, that was a long time ago, and two, I can certainly say that the caution that I am taking in this case is significant especially since I wasn’t probably even aware of my tendencies back in that day. This divine or “cosmic”ness is one of the things that really makes me feel justified in how I feel at this point though.

Having just gone back scouring for any info on the first few weeks or whatever on the subject of Maya, while I couldn’t uncover anything useful, and even though I didn’t even look at the journals from April or around then, it did occur to me to perhaps caution myself in timing, based on what happened Maya. As you remember, there reached the point that she was using the “L” word against me and such. But now that I think about it more, I think she particularly was sensitive to that word more than others are. Which in turn has made me more sensitive, at least, in terms of my use of it as you know very well. So I guess, sure, I’ll keep that in mind, but I don’t want to scare myself with things that I don’t think generalize well to this situation.

I think I’ve walked off from the topic that I was trying to return to again, but I think that’s partly because I don’t know what more else to say other than that the amount of caution that I had been taking, on top of this unique divine-ness, if you will, make me feel justified in the way that I feel about Chelsea at this point. Now, does that translate to meaning that I think that I am ready to tell her how I feel? Or a better question, do I think that SHE would think that I have enough of a reason to like her, which in turn, would give a yes to the previous question? These are the real questions that I’m concerned with, the things that aren’t determined by me.

My answer? I have no idea, yo. How could I? When it comes down to it, this is a question of how she would look at it, and that would be hard for me to answer even about people that I know well. So...what is it I’m saying? That maybe, it’s not worth concerning over this. The ideal situation would be that regardless of how long I wait (assuming reasonable lengths of time of waiting), the answer that she would give me in terms of asking out would be the same no matter how long. In other words, waiting or not waiting doesn’t affect my chances. That’s what would be nice to assume, since that would mean I could just go about telling her once I felt ready to tell her.

Normally, I feel like it would be unreasonable to assume that this is the case. But, I would somewhat like to argue that because I have no way of knowing whether she would think that I have reason enough to feel the way that I do at this point or later on, that I should assume that the equal chance regardless of the wait is the case. Because if it’s not the case, then I have no way of knowing that, so I’m saying that I should just operate assuming that it is the case. Because if I operate assuming the other way, then I could easily get stuck telling myself week after week that maybe I need to wait longer. And then, bam, the time situation i.e. separation by going abroad strikes.

I do suppose that assuming that this unfortunate time situation was not the case, that I would not necessarily operate under the assumption described in the previous paragraphs as it would be more reasonable there to take my time because I wouldn’t have this huge time constraint hanging over me. But that time constraint is there unfortunately. So I feel compelled to speed things along a little faster than I’d normally be comfortable with. Because in all honesty, while I am not particularly fond of the “courting” stage or process, after that portion is done with, I feel like I am more inclined to slow things down and not rush (probably having something to do with reflecting back on how things were with Amanda). 

When it comes down to it, I think I just REALLY want to let Chelsea know that I do have feelings for her and that I am interested in her, even if at this point, I don’t adequately show to what extent I feel this way, and more so, take my time with that. I think it’s a worry that if I wait too long then due to the time situation, things won’t be able to work out. I think I feel that for things to work out past the time constraint, we would need more time beforehand, or in other words, I need to express how I feel sooner than later this quarter.

Obviously, I am writing about all of this because I am trying to decide if I want to express how I feel tomorrow. Or at least, give myself the okay right now for that regardless if I feel the timing, in terms of the mood and the way things are going that particular day, is right and end up doing it or not. In fact, I’m quite torn on this. Part of me wants to say, wait another week. But then, I feel that I could get lost in a recursive function of doing this week after week until suddenly the quarter is nearly disappeared.

But at the same time, maybe I wouldn’t do that next week if I said wait a week? I don’t know. Honestly, perhaps, I was right the other day in saying that no matter how much I plan and think about it right now, probably the best thing for me to do is just be there in the moment and see if I feel that the moment is right. And if I do feel that’s the case then I tell her. But if I don’t then I wait. It’s simple as that. In other words, let’s not plan to go into tomorrow or any other day of a scheduled seeing her, thinking that I’ll tell her that day. In other words, let’s play a game of spontaneity and inspiration to action.

Yeah, it’s rather scary and daunting, but at the same time, exciting and interesting. I have no clue what’s going to happen. That’s SUPER exciting. This whole ordeal turns into more of a something that exists for the sake of existing for itself more so than existing as a means to some end. In other words, it’s more of focusing and enjoying the journey than depending so much on the destination. Sure, the destination is nice and important too, but it’s the journey that matters more. The adventure. The destination is never really experienced. Only the journey is. So let’s enjoy the journey where it is right now. And if the journey ends up continuing into a relationship, then let’s enjoy that too. Let’s take it step, by step.

I guess to be fully clear though, you do have the okay from me. I’m not telling you to tell her tomorrow, but I’m just saying that, if you feel so inspired to do so, in the moment, then tell her. Obviously, probably not in the moment in the sense of just spitting out suddenly because I feel inspired, but more so, from that moment of spontaneity and inspiration, starting the steps that lead to telling her. In the context of tomorrow, I mean that don’t just say it suddenly during dinner obviously, but you could at the moment of inspiration start taking steps to take us outside to tell her or something along those lines.

I look forward to experiencing more of this particular journey. Good luck. Ask God for assistance and good fortune too. I have the slight feeling that He’s in support of all of this and is there rooting for you too.

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson



Monday 12 January 2015


Dear Good Sir,

Dude, bro. These “butterflies”, as some would put it, are driving me nuts. It hit me like an hour ago, and I still have an hour and a half until dinner. I understand your nervousness, but come on now. You gotta tone this down, yo. I don’t want to go into the dinner like this. Let’s calm it down, so we can be, aware of the way my body is feeling, but without being in such discomfort as a result. I guess it’s not that bad, but it certainly doesn’t help. And if my stomach is like this then imagine how my shaking is gonna be. Let’s calm down.

There were a few things that I said that I would table until this afternoon to discuss as they pertain more to today and I didn’t have a lot of time yesterday. Most of it falls in the boat of planning, to some extent at least. The most important of which to discuss would be about what exactly I want to impart to her today and whether wording is an issue at all. 

In terms of what I want to impart, I mean, from a big picture sort of perspective, what do I want her to know after today. Assuming that I feel the inspiration to tell her this today, etc. I would say that I want her to know for sure, as in without doubt, that I like her and that I am interested in dating. Now, there’s a lot of different wordings for these things in addition to phrases that aren’t as direct, but could impart what I want.

The question, then, is whether I see wording as an issue in terms of worrying about how that might affect the way she responds, in addition to, in terms of whether the wording is clear. In terms of wording, in all honesty, I don’t think it makes too much a different. Sure, there are some small differences, but most things that I would consider saying likely impart the same idea. 

In all honesty, I think it’s the mood and atmosphere that’s more important. I would imagine that even with subtle wordings, you’d still not want to say something within the environment of the dining hall. It just wouldn’t come off right, on top of just not being comfortable. And the alternative, since I don’t really see anything else, which is going outside, I think would simply work to make just about any wording impart the same sort of idea due to the mood and atmosphere that sitting/standing outside alone together brings. Regarding wording being an issue for how she responds, I don’t really think it would make a difference, as long as you avoid words like “L word”, which I already know you personally are avoiding anyway. 

So, the takeaway here is don’t worry too much about the wording. Sure, let’s have some general wording in mind, but also let your spontaneous muscles go into action. If you’re comfortable with that. And remember. Execution is key. I don’t mean performance per se here, but more so, acting upon your inspiration without hesitation. Don’t hesitate and hesitate. Just do it. If you wait, then the moment may be gone. Remember, I’m good with finding the right moment to act. But moments are short, so keep that in mind.

To some extent, right now at least, I feel that I want to keep things on the subtle side, just so I can test the waters for now. Maybe, “you know, I’d be happy if I got to see you more often” or something along those lines. Something that imparts that seeing her makes me happy and imparts that I want to see her more frequently, and something that could be interpreted indirectly that I like her. In fact, I feel like I’d even be comfortable saying this in the dining hall.

I think the ideal line of events would be saying something like that, to help lead into seeing her more often, and in seeing her at a different time of the week when school isn’t so much in the way i.e. the weekend more so. I have WROLC this weekend unfortunately, but maybe for Sunday? Except, I don’t know when we’re getting back, so I don’t necessarily want to count on that. Even Thursday maybe? I’ll think over this more.

I want to also do some general conversation topic and things I want to learn and ask about brainstorming, so this will be it for now. As you can surmise though, I’ll probably be writing more tonight. Wish me luck.

----------

I’m back and am requiring some journaling. I think I’m onto something real important here with seeing how I’m feeling right now. Onto something BIG. Something that if I can address, might radically change me. There’s a sense of disappointment that I’m feeling. Which may not sound good with what you know I just came back from. But here lies the thing with which I need to address. This disappointment I feel. It’s unwarranted, placed there by myself and myself alone. There was absolutely NO real world trigger to cause the disappointment I am feeling right now. Or was feeling.

By no real world trigger, I mean that nothing happened that should cause me disappointment. No being turned down or anything. None of that at all happened. It’s simply that my mind was trying to create reason to feel disappointed. All because based on my mind’s non-conscious analysis, it didn’t feel good about the Chelsea situation.

But when I consciously think about it, I feel a thought of what the heck, what am I feeling disappointed about? I think this disappointment comes as a result of one, a very bad mental process that has been plaguing me since some time after junior year of high school, and two, tonight going differently than my mind expected or anticipated it going. This bad mental process is what I refer to as the thing to address. This process has also been the source for nearly all of my crushes in the past after Maddi. Essentially, it’s the process of liking someone because I think they like me.

A process that I have been trying to address recently actually. And I caught it REAL hard tonight, and I’m ready to do a lot to help break it down now that I see a tangible way to do so. Essentially, I just came back from dinner with my mind feeling that it didn’t see enough reason to believe that Chelsea is actually interested in me. Which first of all, I don’t really see how it was getting that, but I’ll come back to that in a moment. Due to it not seeing this, this was leading me to feeling disappointment. But beyond that, which is the kicker and what REALLY has me inspired to address this process, is that it was almost even turning me away from being interested in her. RIDICULOUS.

I think my habit in the past at this point has always been to lose interest if my mind reached this point. Perhaps, sometimes, I’d find a reason to believe again and then my interest would come back as a result. RIDICULOUS. What’s the point in liking someone if you’re gonna let your interest change on and off like that so easily? I won’t allow this to go on. I must change. I must take a step forward.

My intended method of making change is by working against the process by continuing to like Chelsea, but for my own reasons, pushing away what the process has always been doing. I like Chelsea because I like Chelsea, not because my mind thinks that she likes me. That is not a legitimate reason in my book to like someone. Sorry, mind.

As I look at this process that I am working against right now, I honestly don’t really know how I managed to like Maddi for as long as I did. I feel like I’m working against years of a really bad habit. In all honesty, I think this process didn’t really start until after I let go of my periodic restarting of liking her. Probably a good part because of all of these years of liking her and not receiving the reciprocation (not like I even ever told her either though, so why would I have received that?).

Despite how tall of a process this is, I think I can change. And I think circumstances are even ripe for doing that which is key. I really have a lot of reasons to like Chelsea. And so I will. And I will continue this courting process too. I will drive it myself. I don’t need this old habit of a mental process to fuel me for it. I’ll let the courting process itself drive itself.

I guess to go back to the actual dinner though, it was nice. We talked about many a things and I feel like we both had a good time which is one of the goals, so that’s wonderful. She was voicing herself that I even sound like I want to switch to the Japanese major and off of the CS major. I still need to think about it though. We’ll see.

In terms of what my mind was using to create the disappointment, I think it lies somewhere within some false notions of thinking that dinner was going to go in such a way that I’d feel the in the moment-ness to tell her how I felt. Instead, I am definitely feeling that I should wait a little bit. At least until another dinner, but I definitely thought myself that tonight wouldn’t be a good idea. It just wasn’t the type of vibe to go that way. In all honesty, I feel like we need to get out of the dining hall for me to ever feel that spontaneity.

In fact, I feel like I may like to try that for another reason as well. Which goes back to my desire to let her know more subtly. I wanna tackle it from a perspective, asking her on a date. I’m not quite sure on the when/where of this or the when/where of actually asking her. That’s something to think about.

In terms of signs from her, there was nothing direct obviously, and I wasn’t really expecting anything direct, but she did even say herself of something along the lines of we should hang out more and if I ever wanna get dinner just let her know. And after going into the stuff of talking about how I want talk to a pastor and even try out Chi Alpha, she was expressing that I should let her know if I ever wanna talk about it. Again, nothing direct, but certainly reason for me to step up my active trying to see her.

My current potential plan of action would be to try to setup dinner for Thursday night. That depends highly on that she is free though. I sort of wanna wait until after Wednesday’s Chi Alpha meeting though at which I’ll see her. So, I’ll just have to bank on it for now I guess. Unfortunately, due to WROLC, I can’t try to setup anything for Friday or Saturday, and even Sunday’s a bit risky at this point, since I have no clue when we’re coming back. So, in terms of the “date” idea, I’ll have to keep thinking about a when for that. Maybe the Friday after this one?

All in all, tonight was a good continuation of what has started. I am going to be making even more of a concerted effort from here on, also to help create that change I talked about before. But also for her, of course! I can’t forget the center of where my attention and focus should be. Keep moving forward, yo!

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson



Tuesday 13 January 2015

Dear Good Sir,

Today was a pretty eventful day. Particularly for one thing: meeting Glen Davis, the pastor of Chi Alpha. I emailed him this morning to see when he’s free, and he responded within a minute with some times, including this afternoon. It seemed like a tight fit for my schedule, but I figured that meeting him before tomorrow’s Chi Alpha meeting would be best. 

So I headed over to Old Union’s third floor (I know right? A third floor!?! How long has that been there? How did I not notice it previously???) right after a nice catch-up lunch with Brian to whom I also mentioned my recent strange religious coincidence, though as usual without the full context of who I “met”. I quickly found Glen’s office to the left and seeing me looking figured that I must be Marcus and let me in.

His opening thing after the normal entry greetings was “So, how do you know Chelsea?”, a question that totally threw me off for a few moments. I just didn’t understand where it was coming from as I guess I just wasn’t expecting that to be the first thing he asked me. It was surely meant as a harmless intro question, but I definitely took a few moments to answer trying to calculate my words precisely without giving anything away regarding “Chelsea stuff” as I always seem to be putting it in the journals as of late.

After that caught-off-guard opening, completely reflecting my lack of knowing what to say or ask, I sort of just jumped in not knowing really what else to do, after first warning that I don’t exactly know what I am expecting of getting out of talking to him and such. He stopped me a few times to ask me a question or two such as my major and hometown before saying “good” or something along those lines as if slowly piecing together who I am and where I am. I was already starting to see what Chelsea met by his calculating and rational nature.

I basically explained my background from early age up through grade school and then into college to give an idea of how I got to be where I am right now, even sort of trying to explain where What Dreams May Come put me. Then, I went into my strange coincidence. At this point, I found myself going into a little bit more detail than I had with anyone else about this coincidence. As in, I said that it was Chelsea. I wasn’t necessarily even planning to do that. It just sort of came out. I think it was partly because of his first question to me of “So, how do you know Chelsea” and my slight flailing when I answered it and saying that I had sort of just met her or got to know her better recently. I guess I felt that since I had already sort of started going into it earlier, I might as well connect the dots and say that the next day it was Chelsea that I talked to and learned about her religiousness.

While I have absolutely no reason to really think so, I almost feel like he was connecting the dots more with what I may have randomly prayed about. But I guess I really have no way of knowing that or really having any reason to really believe that. But it’s just a thing that I almost feel could be the case. I just feel like his calculating nature would put together something like that. It was also because of something that he said later on when I think we were talking about the Chi Alpha meeting or something, and he was saying I’ll have to bring myself taking into account many things then naming a few things like where I am with my faith or whatever, but then also listing as a thing “my relationship with Chelsea” which I know he means generally rather than relationship in the sense of dating, but still. It was just a whoa moment and feeling like he’s seeing through me. But I majorly digress.

And about here I stopped, not sure where to go and wondering if he had enough to say something yet. Which he did. He made a few comments, then asked the question of the year (paraphrased obviously): “What question(s) right now are stopping me from having full faith and belief?” Such a wonderful question or general idea of a question. I hadn’t really stopped to think previous to this about what was hindering my faith right now. It seems so obvious of a thing to consider, but it just hadn’t reached my mind.

I thought about it and said basically that I am not sure how much of the Bible I really believe is true, adding that though I’m not sure how important this is. He said that this is understandable, and that what’s more important is deciding how I feel about Jesus Christ and more precisely whether I believe that the tomb was empty or not that day of Easter.

Then, he launched into what felt like a personally created sermon for me, talking about how Jesus and the Old Testament come together as a packaged deal. And that if one doesn’t believe Jesus resurrected himself, then there are 3 main explanations for the actions of the apostles who definitely very much stuck with their story of Jesus resurrecting from the dead despite knowing it would probably get them killed. One being that there was some mistake such as the apostles going to the wrong tomb or something or even hallucinated it all, but that doesn’t make much sense since they definitely said that they saw him and talked to him, and were with him for like 40 days previous.

A second being that the Romans screwed up actually killing Jesus, but that doesn’t make sense as they were really good at executing and the apostles seemed to suggest that Jesus was fully in good shape and not hurt anymore upon walking out of the tomb which just isn’t likely if He didn’t revive himself. A third being that the apostles made everything up on purpose for some reason, such as for money or something, but this doesn’t make much sense as they definitely knew that doing this was lead to their deaths. In fact, it seemed like the apostles were expecting that supporting Jesus like this since Jesus resurrected himself would lead to their own resurrections after being executed. So they were totally in it all the way meaning that they seemed to really believe in the stories they were telling.

I asked later on what he suggests I do to try to come to how I feel about Jesus’ resurrection, and he suggested that I read a few books, giving me three off the top of his head, that he must suggest a lot or something. Something I haven’t mentioned is that this guy can talk REALLY fast, like whoa. Which led me to have trouble understanding him when he throws out these really quick short spurts then speaks at more a reasonable speed. But I had to ask him to repeat the books and authors more than once in most cases as a result. Just a funny thing to note.

Apparently, one of the books, Mere Christianity, they have a few copies of sitting out at the Chi Alpha meetings, and said that I should get one tomorrow when I come. Sweet. At this point, I was feeling really good. He was giving me direction where I had none before. Also where I wasn’t necessarily even expecting to get direction. Remember I came into this meeting not really knowing what I wanted to get out. And here I was coming out with so much. Sure, my faith wasn’t necessarily changed so easily, but I have a direction now to go in now to help better my faith.

At this point, I started asking him about himself and how he went from computer science to reach where he is now. He started talking about his life, he from (very) rural Louisiana, giving this funny anecdote of just how rural his town is, based on the fact that there’s still Blockbuster there as it’s so rural that Internet is not good enough to allow Netflix to take over there and run out Blockbuster. He became Christian in middle school and redoubled his faith in college, reaching a point where I decided that he would really enjoy becoming a pastor.

Then I pried more, asking how he got to be here at Stanford, at which point, he went into another story. He prefaced the next part saying that he is not one of those Christians that is very frequent in saying that he “went shopping with Jesus” or anything like that. But that one day while preparing for a meeting like this one, suddenly heard God talking to him. And God told him that “in three years, he will pastor somewhere else” but in such a way that he sounded like God stopped early and didn’t finish his sentence with where. But of course, that part was left out, which he compared to how Abraham must have felt with God telling him that his holy land is somewhere out there and start walking without saying quite where.

After talking to different people about programs to work at elsewhere, there reached a point where someone told him that maybe Stanford would be right. Then, Glen went through a process of listing a bunch of schools to his wife, being sure not to put Stanford in the front, middle or back. Then after he listed them all, she said, “Stanford, huh?”, without any pressing from him about Stanford. And then she mentioned the same list to someone she knew and the same thing happened. And it happened a third time. Then, once he visited the campus, he just knew this is where God wanted him to be. And now they’ve been out here for 13 years. Wow. Amazing.

To wrap-up, he said he likes to pray in closing, asking if I’m okay with that, at which I replied of course. Then he prayed that God reveal himself to me, even if in just small ways, so that I can really strengthen my faith. He couldn’t have said it better. Afterwards, I thanked him much explaining how much talking to him has helped.

And it really has. I have direction now where I had none before. And this guy is just so cool. I am very happy and thankful for the series of events that have led me to meeting him. It is people like him that really make me want to really be a part of religious communities. And maybe even find my faith. I’m really gonna work on that now that I actually have some idea of where I am moving. Thank you, Glen.


Wednesday 14 January 2015


Dear Good Sir,

Man, this is already been such a strange quarter so far. But good. It’s just the direction that one thing in particular this quarter has taken off to is at a much higher extent than I could have ever imagined. I refer obviously to how religion for me this quarter is going. My journey continued more today with going to the Chi Alpha meeting. Despite knowing for sure that I wanted to go, I was still a bit hesitant and nervous, more so for the big social part of it than anything else. Also Chelsea stuff obviously since that’s always a thing causing me deliberation for some reason.

I was greeted at the door which was nice, then entered right into singing worship time. I thought I spotted Chelsea manning the computer at the front, but wasn’t actually sure until I’d already sat down and Glen was in the middle, so I didn’t want to disturb anything to go say hi at this point. I felt like an observer for the most part during this initial worship section.

Before long, they did some announcements then we went into a meet and greet sort of section. I met a senior dude who seems part of the leadership. Then, Holly, from Potter, saw me and came over recognizing that she remembered from Potter. I vaguely explained my background and how I ended up here, and she said that she is actually more involved with IV (Brian’s group) and then I mentioned how I am going to visit there tomorrow as well, she inviting me as well, also mentioning that there’s a GovCo bible study group, so that’s good at least. That may work out better than XA’s small groups, but we’ll see. While I wanted to go over to talk to Chelsea, Holly approaching me ended up taking up all the meet and greet time, so I had postpone that for now.

Next, came the sermon. I was very distracted and prone to annoying mental comments at first for some reason. But I started focusing on pushing that away and focusing on the sermon. And wow. I started feeling like Glen had made this sermon just for me. It was about things regarding Jesus and believing in him and why and how, good for where I am currently. But I guess many may be at this spot too.

Some good takeaways were in his suggestion for how to “try out” Christianity and trying to believe fully in Jesus Christ: doing just that, in just putting full faith in Him for a month or so and fully practicing his teachings and seeing what happens. There’s four areas he mentioned specifically for the teachings part: 1. gratitude, 2. treat others how you want to be treated, 3. generosity, 4. attending things where the Spirit can be found like these meetings or church, etc. 

I think I’m going to try to focus on living this way. For 1, I absolutely totally agree with and will focus on being thankful more often and directing this thanks to God. He mentioned in the sermon how for those that are shaky, just think of it as, if you’re out there God, then good job and thank you. For 2, I feel like I do this pretty well in terms of treating others very well, but what I think I could focus much better on, which may not be as directly obvious from the statement, is treating myself how I treat others. As in, being kind and fair and generous in all the ways that I’d do this for others. I don’t feel like I do that enough. For 3, another I totally agree. For 4, I can discuss more later on.

After the sermon, Glen went into a prayer. This is when things really got interesting. Eventually, he reached a part of wanting to pray specifically for certain archetypes of where people in the room might be in terms of their faith. The first that he called out where for those that are unsure right now and needing a sign of some sort. He called out for us to raise our hands if we felt we fit what he was describing. It didn’t take long for me to feel that I fit into that group, but I was nervous to raise my hand. But then, I thought about his point that all of our eyes are closed, and anyway, why would it matter? So when he gave a second chance and called out again, I then raised my hand. Thank you for that second call out. He prayed that God will reveal Himself to us in such a way that we just know.

When it comes down to it, that’s all I can really ask for right now. That’s what I need. I’m ready to give in. But I need a sign. Something that I’d just know immediately, ah YES! I have no clue what that might be, but it doesn’t even matter. Surprise me, God! I just need a sign. Something to push me forward.

One thing that I started thinking about around now was that I was feeling like I am being selfish in asking God for a sign. I feel like I’ve been given signs my whole life. Wonderful things to be thankful for. Aren’t I wrong in not fully accepting these and asking for something more? But I don’t know, I don’t think so. If anything, those things are in the past. I am asking for something here presently. Here when I am so close, so ready. There’s nothing wrong in asking God for something. Especially something that is specifically for helping in believing.

I think another thing that I want to talk to Glen about though and that may be another barrier to full faith is having trouble fully putting my trust in God. I just don’t feel like I can necessarily expect God to fulfill my every wish as that’s ridiculous. But then, I’m not sure how I feel about asking for anything really or at least in a sense of really expecting what I’m asking for to actually be delivered. How do I know I can really trust in something actually happening? What if God has a better plan for me or something? I almost feel like it’d be better not to ask for anything at all then? I don’t know. It’s confusing.

Furthermore, another barrier I see, but one that might not be as tall as it might have been in the past, is in my hesitancy to really show religiousness outwardly if I were to reach a state of full faith. Or even before that point too. I just feel like I am often scared, even among a room filled with believers and people that would be nothing but excited to see me filled with Spirit. I was getting nervous and anxious during the prayer and afterwards of worrying about being called out directly and attention being placed on me. It’s just hard for me to feel comfortable expressing myself in that way.

But in all honesty, I’d like nothing more than to experience being filled with Spirit and just talking away with it and praying and all of that. Being filled with that emotion and faith. I see others experiencing it and have seen it before. And I always question is it real? If so, I really want to be open to this and experience it. Really, I could feel some of the emotions and feelings hitting me tonight, I think bounced off of others. Especially during the prayer when I raised my hand. I thought for a moment that I was about to be moved to tears, but after opening my eyes could feel that I wasn’t quite at that point, but was definitely feeling something.

I am fully ready to dive into full faith. I just need that sign. Something to know that God’s there and watching over me. In all honesty tonight, I already put Jesus above everything else. Over Chelsea. In that, getting a sign from God is more important than things working out with her. Yeah. Whoa. One thought that occurred to me earlier when I made that decision just to note was that I know God will always be there, which I cannot necessarily say about earthly things, so that’s just something to remember.

That doesn’t mean that I don’t want things to work out though. I do. In fact, I really do. I just don’t know how I feel about really expecting God to deliver that to me. I feel a bit wrong if I were to really ask for that. Would it be? It just feels unfair somehow. To her? To God? I don’t know. It’s really confusing. I was saying earlier how I don’t expect this to be the sign. And I mean that. But maybe I should truly ask for this and trust in God for it to work out. Maybe that’s just what I need to do.

In terms of Chelsea stuff, despite, again, the lack of response to message/texting, today’s in person interaction with her after the meeting, AGAIN, was very positive and reinforcing. It’s just like, no matter how much my mind wants to analyze that it isn’t working out based on her lack of responding to what I send, the in-person (and over phone too I suppose) just seem to outweigh and keep reminding me not to give up. My brain shouts at me that it just cannot compute this lack of response. But then I remember all of the in person interactions and I really just can’t shake it.

So, I’m still not giving up. I realize now that she is definitely probably going to be away at the conference this weekend, so that may delay my plans for action for now. But I’ll just have to reconsider and figure out another plan outside of this weekend. Maybe, I should trust in God for guidance.

In terms of going to these meetings and even IV frequently, I don’t know. The current timing of them right now unfortunately isn’t too nice. I was pretty late for SJEC tonight as a result. I just don’t feel right leaving early from something like this. It just, no. I’m not sure I can do that. And SOOP tomorrow is even closer in time to IV’s meeting. I don’t know if I can do this regularly this quarter. But at the same time, even going to some of these wonderful events is better than nothing, yes? So maybe I just need to figure out something. The bible study/small groups might be a good thing to focus on, in fact.

So another eventful day for my faith. And now I have Mere Christianity to read. So, the journey continues right away. Where it takes me next we shall see. I will keep look out for a sign though. That’s what I really want and need right now.

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson



Thursday 15 January 2015

Dear Good Sir,

I am very tired. So I must keep this brief despite having a lot I want to say. I suppose the most relevant and time specific is that I decided this morning to just go ahead and make the call not to go to WROLC. Honestly, I think I may have been able to pull it off, but I really want to remove myself from this grind, and I certainly feel like I’d still be in the grinder even if I managed to pull off going and getting assignments done on time. Now, I’ll have an abundance of time and lots of inspiration and real reason in not wasting this time I’ve bestowed upon myself through sacrifice.

Honestly, I wanna write so much more, but I just must ask you for your own sake to go to bed, please. Self-kindness is a thing, yo.

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson


Friday 16 January 2015


Dear Good Sir,

So much to write about. Normally, I’d say I don’t know what to start with, but I think it makes sense to write about what’s currently most on my mind which is Chelsea and Chelsea stuff. But as I was about to start, I realized there was something else that I want to write about that may be relevant and in a sense of order, need to come first. That would be about my religious journey right now.

I left off more so on Wednesday after the Chi Alpha meeting, which was followed yesterday by the Intervarsity meeting. But the progression and thinking that has taken place since Wednesday has actually taken place outside of IV (as in IV didn’t do the things that XA did for me in a religious sense). No, it’s more so been my thinking about Wednesday and about religion in general.

One thing that I want to point out right now is that, to be quite honest with you, back since the break or whenever that was that I decided to really start thinking and reconsidering my religious views, it wasn’t until about Wednesday or so this week, that I can say that I actually have gone from agnostic (or wherever I previously was) to questioning Christianity. As in the step forward on the religious scale didn’t actually take place until this week. Before that, I was just forcing it. Pretending if you will. At some point in the past few days, I noticed that a switch had actually flipped, and right now, I am actually, seriously considering my religious views again and Christianity. 

I certainly wouldn’t have called myself a fraud or anything before this, but I mean to say that I am no longer fueling this re-consideration from pure conscious effort anymore. There is something deep down within me that is actually fueling this now. There is something deep down in me that is curious and questioning in a very real way. Which is a huge step forward, believe me. In fact, this almost feels new to me in that I feel that often with this sort of thing, I am consciously exerting effort and almost forcing myself to consider. But now I feel something else helping to contribute to that effort. Which is just plain interesting to me.

But to be more specific, where am I religiously right now? That’s a good question. Questioning might be an appropriate label to some extent though I feel like that phrase suggests more so that one has gone from really religious then taken a step down on the religious scale when more so, I just take a step up to reach where I am. I think curious might be a better way to put it. Religiously curious?

Even more specifically though, I am having trouble regarding God and praying to God especially when asking for something. It’s mostly a trust issue. There seem to be numerous instances to show that God doesn’t always answer prayers. One extreme example would be that podcast I listened to on Thursday about what people used to believe where the woman was talking about how she prayed and prayed for her good friend’s cancer to go away, but God didn’t heal her. Which eventually led to her losing faith as she just couldn’t accept that God wouldn’t do anything.

And if God doesn’t always answer prayers then how can I reconcile praying for something and trusting that it will happen? I can’t really. And I totally understand that maybe asking for things all the time isn’t the point of being religious. But even so, there seems to me to be times when I feel like it shouldn’t be unreasonable to pray for something i.e. if your friend is dying with cancer. But even with extreme circumstances aside, I still don’t know what to do.

Take Chelsea stuff. I have been praying that a relationship will work out with us. And I understand that that does necessarily mean that it will happen. But am I suppose to fully trust in it? And does that mean that I stop focusing on taking action and just let things happen? Or do I continue trying to do what I can while also fully trusting in God? But by continuing myself, does that suggest that I don’t trust that God has it handled? It’s a bit confusing to me. And something that I’ll just have to ask or figure out with time.

I’ll talk about new strategies/plans regarding Chelsea tomorrow. Too tired, yo.

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson



Saturday 17 January 2015

Dear Good Sir,

To pick up from last night, I was saying last that I am quite confused regarding praying to God. Especially in regard to something like Chelsea stuff. But this is something that I’ll just need to ask and/or just figure out. From Wednesday’s Chi Alpha sermon though, something that I think I am going to give a try is the full faith “trial” that Glen talked about. As in assuming full belief in Christianity and jumping into those four areas: gratitude, treat others as you want to be treated (and vice versa specifically for me), generosity, and attending religious things. Some of this I have already been doing i.e. #4 for sure this week, but in general the focus is especially on assuming the full belief and seeing what happens. I do think I’m gonna focus on just going to the small group stuff for now just since the big group stuff doesn’t work super well with my schedule for most of this quarter.

In terms of my new strategies regarding Chelsea stuff, I think I can more so talk about that now. Since the Chi Alpha meeting, I am still in the going back and forth boat over confusion between her lack of response messaging and highly positive reinforcement in person interactions. But yesterday, I started thinking about approaching things differently, more towards the direction of focusing on the journey. 

I forgot what exactly prompted this desire for change, but one thing that influenced it for sure, though I’m certain it wasn’t the start, was randomly seeing something she posted on Facebook in which she hash-tagged #single4lyfe. Surprisingly, while seeing this did make me want to think about things more, it didn’t serve necessarily to disappoint me or anything or feel that all was lost. For one, I am still doing a good job of operating under the umbrella that I have no way of knowing for any good amount of accuracy whether things would work out if I express how I feel.

But also, since yesterday, I’ve felt more and more okay with the idea of not taking action. Now, don’t get that wrong, I am definitely not saying that I don’t want to take action anymore or that I am trying to lead myself in that direction. Because, believe me, I understand your point that Chelsea stands out as different in your mind than anyone previous. And I recognize because of this that I owe myself to try to act on how I feel. 

But it’s more so, I really want to change how I am approaching the “courting” process in general. For one, I want to do what I can to drop a lot of the desperateness of it that has always seemed to be present in the past for me. It’s not a good thing to be there for numerous reasons such as causing me mental distress around the whole process especially if it doesn’t work out and not helping the chances of things working out, just to name a few.

I’m not entirely sure what dropping the desperateness means or entails, but in general, I think it’s mostly a mindset change in seeing that it’s okay if it doesn’t work out and that there’s much potential still out there in the world let alone on campus. In fact, just thinking about a good bit over the past day or so has already caused some changes mentally I feel like without me really needing to take any tangible action. It might take more than that, obviously, especially in terms of permanent change, but this is certainly a good start.

But in terms of tangible action for change regarding the courting process, one way I want to focus, even for a situation like this with how I feel about Chelsea, is to approach it more as a trying to just focus on being good friends at first. And from the start, never really planning to say anything at any point, but to face things dynamically and decide how you want to continue as things progress. And if you reach the point of really knowing how you feel and wanting to express how you feel, totally going for that. But if you never really reach that point thats okay. Or, if you reach a point if knowing that you don’t want to try to things forward, that’s okay too. It’s basically just a walking along with the whole process and seeing how things go and where things go.

One big thing, that I am HOPING will come out of this, is not just a dropping of the desperation, but also a dropping of a lot of the nervousness that I often face. I figure that if I see the romantic interest in such a way as just trying to be good friends with her at first, there’s not much reason to have nervousness as I should never really be at the point of feeling that I need to be nervous until towards the point of actually wanting to make a decision. And hopefully at that point, I am more comfortable around her anyway which may help too.

Unfortunately, I’m out of time for now, but more on this and several other things soon.

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson


Sunday 18 January 2015


Dear Good Sir,

Errr...uhhh...ummm?

I’m gonna just start with one thing that’s on my mind and avoid the other thing for now because...yeah. 

So Silicon Shutdown stuff is taking off again. Tonight, I joined Mina, Dina, and others for an action outside a movie theatre in Mountain View. We waited for a showing of the Selma movie, about Martin Luther King, to finish and for the people to walk out from it. Then, we suddenly burst into some call and response as we formed a formation, seen in the movie and symbolic in general as Dina read out a speech to the crowd that grew and grew.

Overall, the actual action itself didn’t last a very long time, as the point we definitely not to fully disrupt the movie theatre, but just be seen. After it was over, we walked over to another area and debriefed. Or started trying to, before a lady walked up suddenly and started questioning us and our motives and what we were doing. Before long, she was going off on us and how we weren’t representing what MLK stood for and all this stuff. Which I was I just thinking...mmm... I don’t know about that.

But then she said something that just crossed the line way way way way too far. Effectively, she said something along the lines of “in this world where people make the choice of being poor.” Um...WHAT did you just say? Are you………………..

I can’t, bro. I can’t even write about this right now. Her words just hit too close to home. I could feel anger starting to creep over my body again just from thinking about what she said, let alone from starting to type about it. I just can’t believe that there are people out there that would say things like that or even believe them. I just can’t handle that right now.

This afternoon and this evening, I attended a training for an “action” set for tomorrow, i.e. on MLK day. I won’t go into details right here right now in case Google is watching and informs the police (err…), but it’s gonna be crazy. Like crazier than the 101 shutdown they did last quarter. What makes this even more crazy over the other protest I did, is that I have all this time to feel and think about it before it. Last time, I only had a few hours of warning then bam we were there. This time, there’s all this thinking time the day before.

There’s risk of arrest involved with tomorrow. I wasn’t quite sure how I felt about this earlier today, especially when they were first talking about it and bringing it up. But after some pondering, while I am still nervous about tomorrow, I am definitely totally for going and taking part despite the risk. When it comes down to it, 50 years ago, the risk that protestors in the civil rights movement were taking were so much more than the risk I take tomorrow. Tomorrow comes nowhere close to be honest. Not only was the risk of arrest significantly higher, but physical safety was on the line. People died.

But thankfully, due to the steps that people took 50 years ago, I and everyone else right now, don’t have to take such risks. They were able to make things better enough to reduce those risks for us. And now, it’s our turn to continue what needs to be done. Moving the world in a better direction, even if it’s only very small steps at a time. It’s still steps in the right direction. Steps that need to be taken. You have my full faith and approval, bro. Go for it.

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson


Monday 19 January 2015








Tuesday 20 January 2015

Dear Good Sir,

If I could translate the sigh I just made into more expressible words than just *sigh*, I would. I’m not doing so well right now, bro. Times are really tough. With a quarter that was already somewhat rocky from the start, yesterday just practically shattered it to pieces. I’m doing my best to put the pieces back together into a semi-recognizable state, but it’s really hard. 

I’m still working to process yesterday in its entirety. So much happened that it’s just hard to try to mentally process it all so quickly. I really need some more time before I’m ready, even to write to you about it, honestly. I was WAY too hasty in sending that email out to my family. Yes, they should know what happened, but I’m really just not ready to handle all of the worry and questions and upset that might come. It would just be way too much for me at a time when I’m hardly making it to begin with.

One thing that I’ve been facing today, which is different than what I was primarily facing last night (handling those traumatic moments) (not to say that I have handled them or processed them, but I managed to push them aside temporarily to deal with later), is fear. Not so much of what will happen to me and everyone though I am worried about that. More so, I’m worried about telling people, whether family, friends, strangers, etc. I guess to some extent I don’t necessarily have to tell people. But there are some that already know or that I feel that I must.

What I’m really afraid of is the negative responses I may receive. I’m already aware of a lot of the negative opinions people have about what we did. And I’ve heard of “friends” expressing this disapproval to friends of theirs that were involved. But it just seems so unfair. Those with negative opinions just don’t know what we, the 68 (+), went through. And while I can’t necessarily expect them to even be able to imagine, at the same time, it just seems inconsiderate and wrong for people to be expressing their disapproval over our actions when we’re still trying to process and deal with what happened ourselves. This is already hard enough without people making it THAT much harder.

I do appreciate those that do recognize and appreciate the actions that we took though. While it may feel very few at times, the support that these people provide is immense. Take, Shell’s text today. While a seemingly small gesture, it came at a time that I just really needed it. Those reminders that people do care and appreciate what we did and that we did make a difference. Those reminders are REAL.

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson



Wednesday 21 January 2015

Dear Good Sir,

Today has still been filled with the same fear from yesterday. But more so, I’d describe it as disconnection. I feel disconnected from life here on campus. I feel disconnected from my fellow students and the life that I was living before Monday, January 17, 2015. Right now, the world just looks different to me. It’s hard to put it into words exactly, and I don’t know if this is a semi-permanent sort of thing or what. I think a certain part of it may go away soon after more processing and adjusting as I feel just a lack of interest to some extent akin to what is described in depression which seems temporary.

But I think another part of the way I feel may be more so a change on how I view things. To be more specific, I greatly feel right now that a lot of the things that I may have felt a need to worry about or may have been worried about at the time have just gone out the door. I just don’t see the point of worrying about a lot of those things. They just seem so trivial and unimportant. I guess it’s more of a perspective sort of thing. Worrying about those things in comparison to what happened Monday seems ridiculous because the things that were in my life previously are so miniscule to the largeness of the global things that were involved on Monday.

One thing to show you what I mean is regarding Chelsea stuff. That at all seems SO so SO stupid to worry about now. Sure, I’m still interested in her, but all of the anxiety and worry that I was going through over all of that? Really? That’s absolutely NOTHING to be worried about in comparison to the largeness of Monday. I can’t even imagine trying to worry about that sort of thing anymore. It’s just plain dumb, not to be harsh or mean. But seriously. I’m just not gonna allow anxiety like that for something so small. And yes, when I say small, I am aware of how you felt/feel about her. But that doesn’t change it. My life is miniscule to the big powers at work in regards to Monday. In regards to the BIG, global things that we were touching on Monday.

I also ran into things regarding something else I was fearing yesterday: telling family. I was thinking earlier today that I just need more time and will just wait to say anything. Which is still how I feel. But I decided to text Dad earlier that he should wait to get a ticket. Except, I had to be vague about why, saying that something came up, but I’ll know more info later. But then he called right after. Part of me didn’t want to answer, but I felt like I had to. He asked what was up. I didn’t want to tell him the real reasons at this point, so I felt like I had no choice but to lie, especially on the fly like that. I just said that it had to do with Kyoto and tried to leave it at that.

Then Ray-Ray called earlier, and I just didn’t want to go into any of it yet, so I was a bit unresponsive to a certain extent. I’m just not feeling talking much about it right now. Nor do I care to joke around about this. It’s not funny to me (not yet???).

I have seen some progress today in becoming a little better though. I think it really started this evening. I had been trying to decide if I wanted to get dinner with Gina and talk to her about Monday as I feel a need to reach out to someone at least as I feel like that might help me a bit. Plus, it’s Gina. But I hadn’t quite decided. I also had decided not to go to Chi Alpha as I just didn’t feel in the mental space to be around other people that weren’t the 68+ like that. I just don’t feel like having to be around people feeling bad and not really feeling like I can explain why.

Then not too long later before my meeting, I got a text. From Chelsea. Yeah. She said basically that she missed me at Chi Alpha tonight and asked if I want to get dinner tomorrow and catch up. Ah. What a pick-me-up this was. I honestly forgot the power of a such thing. And to be clear, while a part of what made this so powerful was that it’s her, Chelsea (both for it being like wow “SHE texted me?” and also considering the way I feel), it’s a lot more so that it’s someone reaching out to me at a time that I just really needed it. Like she couldn’t have sent that message at any more of a perfect time. I just REALLY needed that, which is affirmed by the tears forming in my eyes at thinking about this. It almost feels like God looking out for me.

Since it’s Chelsea and since she’s someone that I truly believe would, indeed, have been there with us if she wasn’t out of town at the time, I think talking to her and telling her about my experience will definitely help me significantly. I just really need to tell someone that I trust and receive support and love from them, so that I can feel at least a little better about the idea of telling family and other friends. Because right now, I am still quite a bit clouded by fear.

I definitely still have some processing to do, including a full journal of the entire day’s events, going over even those really traumatic parts with fullness. I want to do this before getting dinner with Chelsea tomorrow, but I don’t know how realistic this is as I have a busy day tomorrow, but we’ll see. I also feel like I still need to cry, a la huge catharsis. I tried a few times as you know on Monday, but just couldn’t get it out. But I definitely feel like I need and want to, so I’ll have to keep trying until it happens. I do have a higher admiration now for those who can cry so easily. For some reason, I seem to be doing something that’s stopping me despite how BADLY I want to try for example on Monday night. Maybe, I need to figure out how to break down this wall stopping me. We’ll see. Catharsis soon though, for sure.

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson


Thursday 22 January 2015

Dear Good Sir,

I am writing this the morning after, but hopefully that doesn’t matter really. I just wasn’t doing so well after getting back home last night, so I made myself go to sleep instead of stressing over journaling or whatever. I still can’t claim to be doing so well right now. Though I’m not quite sure why. Last night had seemed to be going pretty well. 

I had dinner with Chelsea which turned out really well. The care and concern and support that she exuded still amazes me. We started with a prayer over our food, and then I tried to hold the conversation over her experience on the retreat as long as possible, but it didn’t take long for her to keep pushing to ask me about Monday, after explaining that she knew pretty quickly about it on Monday and figured that I was there after realizing Jemima was there too. Apparently, she was there after midnight to pick up Jemima. 

So I put down my food and proceeded to do that, focusing mostly on post-arrest stuff and mostly on the past few days more than anything. I told her about my disconnection and fear about telling people. She started giving me support pretty quickly, one thing she repeating being that “my heart is in the right place”, in other words that regardless of the controversy of what we did Monday, I took part for good reasons and for a good cause, and at that’s what really matters.

Also, in terms, worrying about telling people or receiving disapproval about our actions, she thinks that I shouldn’t worry about others might say and in terms of people’s ignorance, instead of hating them for it, I should do the opposite and love them for the ignorance. Or more so, meet them with kindness and love regardless of their ignorance instead of being angry with them. To ask them what they’d suggest doing instead and ask how they have been getting involved and what they can do next time, etc. I feel like if I’m going to go that way, I need to be careful myself of being judgmental in the sense of, so what have you been doing to help, sort of thing.

Again, I want to point out my awe for the care and concern that she exhibited for me. It just felt very real and she seemed very hurt by seeing me down like this and I could feel she really wanted to see me better. I even reached the point, possibly as a result of all of this, after she returned from getting dessert (when she accidentally brought 3 spoons and we BOTH joked that the third could be for the Lord), that I spontaneously decided to test the waters regarding Selma. It was definitely more of a test the waters and kind of slide the idea out there than anything as I didn’t directly say anything regarding let’s go see it together or anything, but more so asked had she seen it and would she be able to see it on the weekends or something. But is apparently busy both of the next weekends which is part of the reason that I didn’t push it any further. 

I guess the hope is sort of that maybe she or I will bring it up later or something. Though on that subject, I think that I have decided that while I definitely like her and all, that I don’t want to take any action this quarter and would rather wait till the fall to really consider doing anything. Which yes, is kind of opposite of the idea of why I brought up Selma at all, but still. It just seems smarter for a number of reason to be honest. She was talking about applying for the intern position at a organization just starting in Brazil for the summer. And she’s going to D.C. next quarter. And I’m going to Japan for a long time. So, doesn’t it make more sense to wait?

Another great thing of the evening was going to the Chi Alpha male life group. I was a bit unsure at first, but I quickly found the group to be wonderful. There were a good 8 or 9 of us. We started off with a check-in going around with rose-bud-thorn. But it just kept getting so real, people sharing deeply and from the heart. Which just amazed me, especially from my position. Sure, the two guys that were really sharing deeply know the others, but still, the fact that they felt so comfortable sharing with me, someone that they don’t know at all, is just astounding to me.

To the point that, once it was my turn, I decided to share more than I had originally intended. I wasn’t really planning to say much about how I was. But I started off with a quick explanation of where I am spiritually then even mentioned broadly that something had happened this week that had thrown things off for me and that I had something difficult to tell my family. Somehow, I was able to quickly become comfortable with this group and felt comfortable sharing. I was even close to the point of being more specific about what happened to me, but figured I’d wait.

Then, after the very long check-in which took up almost an hour, we went into prayers in small groups. And I was astounded again to find the two guys in my group switch after not long to praying for me which was just again amazing to me. The care and concern that they were exuding for me so quickly. It’s kind of scary in some ways. What could drive them to feel such concern so quickly for another human being? This is the sort of thing that really amazes me about religion and spirituality. Because I feel like I see this time and again. And you have to understand, that it doesn’t feel faked at all. I feel REAL, legitimate concern exuding from the religious for others so often. What is it that causes this? Is the Lord really moving through them?

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson


Friday 23 January 2015

Dear Good Sir,

Man, I feel so mood swing-y. It’s kind of scary actually. I have been on a roller coaster of ups and downs the past week. Mostly down at first. Not really until Wednesday night of any sort of up. Points of saying I’m feeling a bit better yesterday and today. But then I keep hitting these downs again. Often at night, I see. It makes me want to be reminded me of back during fall sophomore year after the break up and having months of ups and downs that slowly oscillated away. 

Am I experiencing these ups and downs right now due to the traumatic experience that I had on Monday? If so, is it slowly oscillating away right now? Or was I experiencing these ups and downs before Monday? Is this cycle somehow unrelated to Monday? Part of me wants to say yes there due to the idea that I feel like the downs that I have been experiencing, at least the past few nights since having the ups, all seemingly have been due to things unrelated to Monday. They’ve more so been things regarding not being happy with the kind of life I’m leaving or just parts of my life that aren’t going so well, or being unhappy with a part of myself.

I suppose you could possibly tie some of this to the perspective shift that occurred from Monday. But I don’t know. It’s hard to say exactly. However, you put it though, these ups and downs are occurring and I don’t know how I feel about it. It kind of scares me. I almost just scared for the future in general due to the seemingly lack of academic prowess that I’ve been showing so far junior year. Sophomore year had its negative moments, but overall, I’d say I was still doing pretty well. But just can’t seem to find my rhythm this school year. I don’t know what it is.

I guess part of it, at least maybe not regarding the cause but as a warning that wasn’t heeded, is that I was saying during the summer or going into the next school year or so that I kind of feel like I need a gap year. Which I still have been saying last quarter and this quarter. Nothing has changed. I haven’t had that time for recovery that I say I need. I’m still doing bad off. Perhaps, it makes sense. Perhaps, I shouldn’t be surprised or confused right now. Maybe, I had this coming when I never did anything about it. 

I think this quarter I’ve finally taken a step to try to move sort of in the direction of helping myself get close to that “gap” feel with this 10 unit quarter I have now. But at the same time, I feel like I’m just going about wasting “quarter time” or time spent at school. I know part of the rationale is that you’d rather graduate with your friends on time and such, and that you’d not want to miss this time on campus that you could have with friends. Which is reasonable I guess. Though I’d partial counter that a lot of your friends are going to be around for at least another year for co-terming/grad school/etc.

Another thing is that I’ve been saying that I am going to use spring quarter in Kyoto as a gap quarter. Which is reasonable in that I totally could see you doing that. Except, it’s just been so far since the start of autumn quarter. Which is back when I was asking for that gap. And I still need that gap. But I’m still not going to be really getting that until another quarter from now. Which sort of makes last quarter and this quarter unfortunately become somewhat moot. This is what I mean by wasting of “quarter time.” I probably shouldn’t have been here these 2 quarters. I just not in the state to be at school right now. I know you want to be around your friends and all, but I should be on a leave of absence right now to be honest. Not struggling to get through 2 quarters when I’m just not in a good state for such a thing. Causing those 2 quarters to be somewhat wasted.

But I don’t know. Maybe last quarter and this quarter aren’t so bad. Maybe I am getting something from them. We’ll see. All I can say right now though is take care of yourself, bro. That’s the most important thing. You’ve only got one of you. You can take extra quarters if you need them. You can take classes over. Most things can be done over again if need be. You can’t get another life (ha, at least in this body, let’s be real). SELF-CARE IS REAL!

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson


Saturday 24 January 2015

Dear Good Sir,

I don’t have a lot to write about today, at least that’s specific to today, so I’m gonna pool at my list of things I didn’t get to writing about in the past. One thing, which I suppose is slightly relevant still today, but that I’m sort of uncomfortable thinking about let alone writing about is regarding a certain someone. A someone who happens to be only several feet from me as of typing this right now. Her name would be Mina.

Last weekend, sort of around this time, though more so around Sunday, is when what’s on my mind started coming up. Looking back to last Sunday’s journal, I totally evaded talking about it then. And I sort of want to continue evading it now, but I feel like I should probably write about it eventually.

You can probably see where this is going, though I want to point out that it wasn’t something I did that caused these thoughts to occur. In fact, if I remember correctly, I remember on Sunday reminding myself of a promise I made to myself at some point in the past two years, to never go down this route in thinking. To respect myself and her, and not do that. To be honest, back on Sunday and even now, I cannot quite remember if I ever even made such a promise at some point in the past two years. As much as I want to avoid going down this thought avenue, part of me kind of hopes that I didn’t make this promise.

If I did make such a promise, then I’m not sure how long I intended to keep it or if I just meant forever or what. It’s kind of dumb for me to be even thinking about this, especially since it’s just a promise that I would have been making just with myself and all. Not that I’m about breaking promises to myself or anything, but still. 

It’s funny looking back at last week’s journal and seeing that I hinted at something being up at the very beginning then by the end of the journal, not ever going back to it, at all. In other words, I should recount things now as I didn’t recount them then at all.

I guess to stop beating around the bush though, what caused these thoughts to appear and this remembrance of a promise made or maybe not made, is something that happened last Sunday night right after the protest at the movie theatre.

Man, this is hard to write about at all, and that last line was totally a repeat. Normally, I’d not even stop to note things like this, but you have to understand the amount of hesitation that’s going on right now. I guess part of it is that she’s sitting right there, but still.

Essentially, as I mentioned in the journal last week, there was a lady that approached us at the movie theatre as we were all debriefing outside after the demonstration who started talking at us about what we were doing and such. And what she was saying was, ok whatever, at first, but then she started saying some things that just were not okay. Which ticked me off. And ticked a lot of others off. But it really upset Mina. To the point of crying, later on after the lady had left.

Several of us stepped into comfort and console, and she seemed better as we finished the debrief and all parted ways to head home. But as we walked towards Alex’s car, Mina and I were walking behind them together. And suddenly, I felt my hand being grabbed by Mina’s. Surprise took me significantly, but I just went along with it. I knew she needed the support right then and that it likely wasn’t anything more than that. My defences started kicking in at least certainly along that interpretation.

But then, when I thought it was over after getting in the car, as we pulled off, my hand was grabbed again. It’s funny, I remember after getting in, I had a moment of thought of, hmm what should I do with my hand now? After a moment of messing with my phone or something, I “naturally” laid my right hand back down by my side. Then, within moments that’s when it happened again. And let me be more clear as I don’t think my rhetoric has made it clear: I enjoyed it. It was comforting for me too. Supporting a friend is nice and so is a friend supporting you.

And I remember fighting and fighting those thoughts that I referenced at the beginning. But that part of me that I tried (or maybe didn’t try) to repress at some point in the past two years, wasn’t gonna have any of that. It crept up and made me start wondering. And there was something else that, at least at the time, made me even more confused. She turned to me at some point during the car ride back and asked me if I was going to be busy tonight after the action training, as otherwise we should talk and drink tea. And while I knew that she probably just wanted to talk about the demonstration and all, that small part of me which has been terrorizing me for years and years in this sort of way (i.e. not specifically to her), made me wonder.

You should also understand the context of all of this, which is another reason that it bothers me that that small part of me was doing that wondering and why I’m trying to avoid this wondering at all. First of all, there’s all the Chelsea stuff. Though if I remember correctly last Saturday, (MAN, that’s feels like weeks ago after this week), I was reaching a point of not knowing too sure what I wanted to do regarding Chelsea. But that doesn’t put me off the hook

Then, there’s all of Mina’s stuff with Dan that’s going on with the “deadline” of sorts. And now, as in some time passed before I continued writing right now, I just talked to Mina again about Dan stuff. And now I feel dumb and naive for the wondering and for what I was just writing earlier. I just feel like I have no right to be feeling this way or to be imposing in on what’s going on in her life.

Though I guess that’s unfair to me. I’ve reached the point now of wanting to re-implement (or implement for the first time) that promise I made, but at the same time, it’s unfair for me to push aside the way you were feeling. There’s nothing wrong with the way you felt. It happens. You’re human. I understand the perspective that you see now and respect that, but don’t put down the way you feel. Your feelings are as real as anyone else’s and you shouldn’t feel that you’re wrong for having them.

But, that being said, going back to the promise thing, I think at this point, I don’t need to promise myself anything. I wanna do this because I want to do this. Because I care about her. And that’s all that really matters. So yeah. That’s the end of this. Yeah. Mhm…

But you should really listen to me. Because I can feel you still doing what you always have done: keeping that SMALL, tiny piece of hope. Yeah, I see you. Don’t try to hide it. Just let it go. Like you’ve done with Gina. What you have right now is much better. Kay. Good talk.

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson




Sunday 25 January 2015

Dear Good Sir, 

BLARGH! I'm sorry. Just the Mina coming out in me. This whole week, I've heard time and again of people expressing their negative views regarding the protest to people that were there and could understand why those receiving the views would be angry, yet, I was having trouble feeling this anger towards the naysayers since I just have trouble being angry in general and because it was just at a distance that I was hearing about this.

But tonight, I got to experience it firsthand. As Mina and I were coming back from dinner, two residents started talking to us on the way up the stairs and at some point one of them started expressing how he wasn’t sure if what the protesters did was a good idea. We stopped down the hall, and Mina did a wonderful job of explaining first from more of a third-party perspective then from our point of view as well. I just tried not to be angry right there.

But after we left and I was back in the safety of her room, I could feel the anger coming over me. Now I see what she means about being angry at everyone. There was a part of me that was just hoping that people didn’t actually think this way and that it was only just a few outlier people. But I don’t know anymore. That guy that was expressing that sentiment has always seemed like a really ordinary guy to me. And to hear HIM saying those things. What the heck? This couldn’t possibly just be an outlier sort of thing.

I didn’t let myself get too heated as I just didn’t feel like dealing with that (though now that I think about it, I feel like I sort of enjoy being angry, the past few times that it has happened (i.e. like once or twice last quarter) for whatever reason, but that’s a journal for another day), but I certainly could have. It’s just SO easy for people to say and express those negative things when they weren’t there and just don’t understand. And then it’s SO hard to try to help them understand, because, one, I’m not really at the point of being ready to form coherent and critical thoughts about the whole thing, two, and I don’t even know what to say to most people with these views that would even do any good.

But I’m not going to concern myself with that too much right now, as I’m not at the point to be needing to think about this significantly as I won’t really be at a point of being able to do this for people any time soon anyway. Instead, the next step of the process for me right now, I think is telling my family about what has happened. In fact, I was trying to do that today, this evening, as I felt ready before after dinner to tell them. But everyone happened to be busy at the time when I called, so it has been postponed to tomorrow at this point, as by later tonight, I was certainly in no state to be talking to them about it. Plus, hypnoemotions is a thing, but yeah.

And now, after having gone back to read last night’s journal (the way I journal really feels like a Texts in Conversation sometimes, as in the thing from PWR), I am really laughing at my naivety again. But for different reasons now. Tonight, I had a complete decomposition of what I said last night, or to some extent. In other words, that wondering part of me kicked in again. And my policy and opinion on whether this is okay has shifted.

This shift is mostly due to perspective change regarding how I treat myself and the way I feel. While I was thinking before that because I feel the way that I do about her and because her happiness and state of being good is such an importance to me, that my priority should be ensuring that at any cost, even to myself. Meaning, that I shouldn’t tell her of that extent of feelings for her.

But, now I am seeing a potential shift in that I’m questioning whether it’s okay for me to do that to myself. To let myself feel that way about her and then just stand on the sidelines moving to support her. I feel like, one, this could be an injustice to me. And I’m human too. So I need to treat myself more like a human, which might mean, not letting myself keep such a thing to myself, especially for an extended time.

But, another reason is more so regarding her. One thing that I haven’t mentioned yet what led to the wondering returning and this shift in terms of her. She was getting really really mad at Dan again tonight. I think that things started to return for me at a point when she was saying some of the crap that he has done to her. And thinking, am I okay with that happening to her in the future? I’m probably being very naive and dumb in asking this, but if it was me, wouldn’t that stop her from having to deal with those things?

Other things that contributed would be a bunch of small things like my name being mentioned along Clayton when she was exclaiming names in a “f you Dan” moment. Catching her looking at me a moment of pause at some point that I forget the context of at this point, then her looking away when I looked up. Her asking if she can write me letters to me in Japan. Such small things to be honest. Well, besides the latter.

----- (breaks in time between writing that may be noticeable, but I want to point out one of them anyway)

All stupidity and romanticizing aside, I have reached the point now of being okay with this wondering and even okay with the thought of expressing how I am feeling. Eventually. That’s the key word though. It’s not at ALL a thing that I would be saying any time soon. It would have to be a thing of next year at some point or something. There are too many reasons that I just wouldn’t be okay with it for right now, almost to the extent that I don’t see any reason why I need to list them but I’ll do it anyway: Chelsea, Dan, I’m gonna be gone for at least 5 months ON TOP of the added months if she’s gone in Paris fall quarter.

There are a number of reasons for this change besides what I wrote earlier. I guess the biggest thing is just realizing that the way I feel about her is unique to how I feel about anyone outside of my family right now. While I might be wrong and I may be naive for even trying to say such a thing at this point, I feel like I’m close to unconditional feelings for her. As in, I feel like I’d be there no matter what for her. But that’s a hard thing to say.

But then there’s this other thing that came up tonight. Which may or may not also be the sign from God that I have been asking for as of late. To be specific since I don’t think I formally journaled about this, I have been asking for a sign from God. Last night’s understanding of what the sign would be is a something that I literally cannot come up with an explanation for the something besides as an action and sign by God. I’m still pondering over it, but I may or may not have had this sign appear tonight.

Mina and I were talking about journaling and I was asking about handwritten versus typing. At some point, she started showing me each of her 12 journals that she has gone fully through so far. At some point, she reached one upon which I saw a sticker on the corner. After closer inspection, I realized that it was the leaf of the ginkgo biloba. Upon explanation, I learned that this tree is also her favorite tree. There were tons of them around her in New York when she was growing up and her mom bought her this children’s book called Ginkgo and the Moon which made her love the tree even more.

Yeah. MY MIND IS ASPLODING RIGHT NOW. How could this be possible? This is like the most and absolutely confusing thing ever. I can’t even right now.

Seriously. What are the chances that SHE of all people, when I honestly know NO other human being that loves these trees like me? SERIOUSLY. I am feeling like the chances of this are just absurdly absurd. Her, who TONIGHT, when I am starting to have all of this wondering again and reaching a point that I am totally okay with this wondering, I learn that she loves this tree as much as me. Is there ANY other way of explaining this?

Because if there’s not, then I hope you realize the significance of this. That this could be a sign from God. It’s something that I cannot explain by any other explanation and the timing of this revelation was unmistakably key. I am still so shocked even now. This is just one of the weirdest things that I can think of of happening in recent memory since...yes, the religion/Chelsea moment back in December. This falls in exactly the same boat to be honest.

Which makes me want to make that conclusion. That this is the sign that I have been asking for. My ONLY hesitation is that this specific instance has seemingly nothing to do with religion, innately at least. Perhaps, I can try to make such a connection? But she’s atheist. So that complicates that. Unless it’s more of a divine sign of connection between our souls? I don’t know.

Clearly, I haven’t come to a decision on whether this is the sign or not. And I feel ridiculous as a result if I were to ask for another one just to be sure. But I don’t know. This is confusing. But I just can’t shake this (by the way, all of this is with staying completely and utterly independent of where things between Mina and I may go in the future). Think about it, dude! Let me lay it out for you. Due to a number of circumstances and dice rolls, I ended up attending Lovett (way way WAY too many to list out, though just to say one, Nita going to school at Spelman and continuing to live in Georgia (then there’s the thought of the fact that Spelman is in Georgia at all and BOOM an endless string of dice rolls that this continues)). And then, in the 9th grade at Lovett, for my biology class, I just HAPPENED to be assigned the ginkgo biloba (I have no memory if I chose this one or if it was assigned randomly or what). Then, I happened to gain the connection that I did for the ginkgo. Then, I happened to increase that connection to the point of wanting to take pictures of ginkgo’s whenever I see them. This is the ONLY tree that I can recognize like this and that causes me to make such an event out of seeing each one.

And then, to tell me, that there’s another person out there who is seemingly just as crazy about these trees who likely has as huge of a host of dice rolls that led to her to feeling this way about the tree (happened to grow up in a place with lots of them and noticed them and received that book, etc)? And then add in the fact that I happened to have met this person at all, but on top of that, she happens to be someone I am REALLY close with, and beyond that, a person that I am realizing I might have such strong feelings for romantically and such. And then to have this revelation of both loving the ginkgo at this particular moment. One, when I am in such deliberation over her, and two, when I happen to be looking for a sign like this. DAMN, bro. There’s WAY too many coincidences here. Could this possibly be anything but a sign from God?

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson



Monday 26 January 2015

Dear Good Sir,

So after last night, Mina has very easily convinced me to return to handwritten journaling. She wasn’t trying to convince me per se, but it was me that asked her about handwritten vs typed and after hearing her talk about her handwritten journals and show me all of them and seeing all the additional perks that come from a physical journal (such as putting memorabilia inside of them), I am completely sold. As in, the next opportunity I have, I am going to get myself my first dedicated notebook for journaling to start my years of physical journaling. 

I still need to dedicate logistically how this will work exactly, but I think it’ll be fine, even time-wise. Realistically, I think generally I probably won’t have as much to write as I’ve had to write these past few weeks, which would help. But even if I do, then whatever, I’ll just take hours and write and write and write. It’ll be fun and worthwhile in itself. It’s sort of like what I’m doing now, but just with handwritten journaling. And maybe I can just use a very awesome numbering and tagging system in order to “search” my journals very easily and find important journals to go back to, etc. It’ll be good, bro, believe me.

Speaking of Mina though, bro, I need to ask something of you. I already see based on last night from today how things on your end are going. It’s going in a direction that is gonna just cause me a lot of pain if I stay on this track. The biggest thing is just that the time is not right. And I understand that this is confusing to hear based on last night’s sign revelation, when instead you want to conclude that this sign means it’s time to act or something. But you just gotta understand that there is currently NOT a good set of conditions going on right now to be pursuing her or whatever. As I’ve pointed out on multiple occasions already, there’s just way too much going on right now, ON TOP of the huge gap of time of space that will separate us starting in April, possibly even until 2016. Yeah. That’s scary. I don’t wanna suffer the rest of the year.

Though believe me, bro, I feel you. I feel how you feel about her and I’m totally okay with that. I just want you to focus this love in a different way and direction. In regards to things involving her and you, make your priority her happiness. While in certain conditions that may mean acting on what you want as well, in most conditions such as right now and during the gap of time of space, I have to take what you want out of the equation because otherwise it is no longer having a chance of optimizing for her happiness. I do not want to make things tougher for her due to what I want when I know that it will likely have such an effect.

Instead I ask you to wait. Wait and see if conditions end up shifting to such an instance where I am okay with you taking into account what you want. Maybe it’ll happen, maybe it won’t. Either way, it’s okay. She’ll be happy either way hopefully is the point. And I can be happy by that. Certainly don’t squash your ability to be happy by holding onto something that you should let go of for the time being. Weren’t you feeling divine about Chelsea a few weeks ago? Go back to that or something.

Though, I know, things regarding Chelsea haven’t changed. And I understand that too. And I know that things are QUITE complicated and QUITE confusing for you right now too. That’s okay. All I’m asking right now is to push away taking into account what you want with regards to things involving Mina right now. The priority should be in helping her with things going on in her life, not adding more things to consider and such. Respect her. Respect yourself. Cool. 

Speaking of Chelsea though, let’s probably implement a similar policy in terms of waiting. Sorry. Ha. There’s a huge separation of time coming for everyone that I know. Can’t be helped. Just be patient. Let’s do figure out how we feel about the Chelsea sign last quarter and this Mina sign last night in regards to religious views though. Are these signs from God or just HUGE coincidences? Because I am really not sure, especially when I think of them together. What is life?

And to close, I must write about something that I was close to writing about a few weeks ago, but decided to wait, but today just got this HUGE backing for the opinion I had been close to reaching before. It’s about Ma. She’s changed. So much too. Like absurdly so. Well, either that or it is something from my side. But before I talk about that, my data. First of all, there’s the thing of telling her about the cruise a few weeks ago. When I thought she’d get upset, especially since I will be gone in Japan for who knows how long after that. But no, totally no explosion. Totally fine with it.

Then, the BIG thing today. Telling her that I got arrested. I don’t know really know what I expected of her response. But it certainly was surprising nonetheless. She definitely expressed concern and worry initially, but never expressed anything like saying not to do this again. In other words, there was no upsetness, at least not at me. More so upsetness at unfortunateness, if even that. She was quickly supporting and being reassuring about it all working out.

It was nice. Really nice. I can’t even explain it all that well. It has something to do with why I wasn’t expecting her responses to all of these things lately to be anything like how it has turned up. I don’t know if I just had absurd imaginings of how she’d react and now it’s just totally blowing those worst case imaginings out of the park. But the alternate that it is turning out to be is just nice. It’s building a certain trust that wasn’t there before.

I think one big thing is that she is really making an effort to get me (and Ray-Ray, I guess?) to be more open and honest with her, or more so with telling her things sooner instead of waiting or telling others first, etc. And her effort is very fruitful. After telling her this and having this very positive and supporting response, I will definitely feel comfortable telling just about anything much quicker, or so I’d imagine. She even sent a text later on in the evening saying that I shouldn’t ever hesitate to tell her anything. I will make that change to my mental imaginings. Believe me. Thanks, mother.

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson


Tuesday 27 January 2015

Dear Good Sir,

After hearing back from the organizers again, apparently it is technically okay for me to not be physically present on the court date, meaning I can use that as a way to still continue spring break plans as normal. I am still a bit concerned though about what will happen. I also worry that something could come out of it that would interfere with Japan plans. Community service assignment or something. I don’t know how much flexibility I have with that and whether they’d let me move it or what. But I guess I have a legitimately academic reason to be out of the country, so who knows, maybe if that happened, it would be fine. Hopefully, because I really want my Japan plans to continue as planned.

After today’s bible study with Holly’s group, I have decided how I will view the sign from Sunday. If you’ve somehow already forgot about this pivotal moment of my life, then I’ll remind you that I am referring to the revelation that Mina is also a devout fan and appreciater of the ginkgo biloba, seemingly as much as me. In the bible study, we were going around mentioning any experiences that we could think of praying and seeing a tangible or somewhat tangible result happening. So I brought up the sign from December and then this one from Sunday.

And after telling them about it, though I felt weird at the time, I think I’ve decided how I feel about it. That it truly was a sign from God, exactly as I asked. It fit completely what I was asking for: something that I honestly cannot explain by any explanation beside it being God. I think I may have been expecting something more religious-related which has caused some of my hesitancy in interpreting the sign for what it is. But it never had to be necessarily anyway.

Moving forward on this spiritual/religious journey, I’m not quite sure what the next steps will be. I am just thankful for all of the steps so far since this journey kicked off again in December. I guess what I’d like to see is more signs, maybe more religious-related ones, even bigger. That’s what I’ll pray for. Shameless audacity at its best here. I think it is signs like December and on Sunday that can really help me keep increasing my faith and belief. I think I am just very much in awe when I can’t come up with any other explanation. It’s just like, wow, God, you got me. Please do it again.

I guess another thing on my mind is Chelsea stuff and Mina. As you can probably tell, I am still VERY confused regarding all of this. I just don’t even know what to feel anymore or what to think. Especially since I have seen signs regarding both of them now. I don’t know how to proceed or if I should proceed at all. Really, at this point, I’ve reached the point of realizing that it doesn’t make much sense to really take any action this quarter. I got a huge span of time that’s gonna separate me from both of them soon.

But even with that in mind, I’m still confused as hell. I feel the way I do about Chelsea. With all the divine things in mind that I’ve had in mind since December and still have in mind now. But then Mina entered the picture suddenly over last week starting from the Sunday of the MLK weekend. And after Sunday, I, to some extent, feel some sort of divine-ness regarding her too. Which is SO confusing. How could I possibly have this cosmicness feel from both of them, at the same time? I guess I do personally believe that there is not just one soul mate out there for a person or one cosmic person. But either way, what are the chances that I’d know and be around two people that are cosmic for me at the same time? I feel like it’s hard and unlikely to meet someone like this in the first place, but two at once? 

I just don’t know. I think I’ll need to ask for some guidance on this matter. One nice thing though is that I don’t necessarily need to take any action right now per se, and have plenty of time to think about it. If I’m going to be writing to Mina next quarter and during the summer though, then I feel like she may have some advantage, but we’ll see. When it comes down to it, I have no control when it comes to matters regarding Mina or Chelsea even. Who knows what will be happening in their lives come the fall or next year. I can only pray and wait and see if I ever feel compelled by the spaces from which to act without moving. That’s about it. It’s just a journey when it comes down to it anyway. Not about the destination. So let’s just see what happens, yo.

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson


Wednesday 28 January 2015

Dear Good Sir,

Today was a good day for me. And surprisingly so. I’m still not quite sure what it was. It really started this evening, perhaps, at dinner with Chelsea. At some point, I just started noticing this “high” of sorts of content and happiness. It’s hard to describe really, but I was just feeling good. I guess one thing that may have contributed to it was feeling dinner with Chelsea really at home and comfortable in my own body and skin even in her presence. This is noteworthy as this certainly wasn’t the case a few weeks ago.

She talked about how she feels that she has changed since last week, and I can certainly say the same, but definitely as a result of the protest and days after and even up to now. My perspective has changed. I’ve really been focusing since last week to end all of the stupid anxiety and worry that I’ve fell victim to end the past. It just doesn’t make sense in memory of the protest. It’s just so miniscule and unimportant in comparison. So much so too. Just not worth the time or energy.

And all of this may have been contributing to the goodness I was feeling tonight. God was certainly blessing me. I was feeling totally good with socializing, which I had to do a lot of today. I was just feeling comfortable and put together. Maybe, it was mostly feeling that dinner went well i.e. caused by external factors, but at the same time, I think that definitely there has been some change internally that has helped. Hopefully, I can bring out this goodness more often.

In terms of Chelsea stuff though, after seeing her again today, I can definitely say that I do feel the same way about her that I did before. It’s just a matter of whether I want to take action. But as I’ve been pointing out, I don’t need to make a decision about that any time soon. In terms of Mina, I am definitely backing away from that wondering by my own personal volition as I don’t feel that it’s warranted, at least not right now. I’ll be open to the idea of the subject of the wondering, but won’t really allow that until farther down the road, farther down the year. 

My biggest focus and priority instead is on strengthening the friendships that I have with both Chelsea and Mina. Keeping that with both of them is definitely more important, at least right now I suppose. Maybe in the future, I’ll feel so strongly that I am willing to take a risk, and I suppose that would be the point that I feel the spontaneity and motivation to take action. So let’s watch and see on this journey that I have embarked on.

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson


Thursday 29 January 2015

Dear Good Sir,

After attending the life group this evening, I was left in a very weird state. It’s hard to describe the cause. Part of it is the confusion over knowing where I am spiritually. And I think it had something to do with hearing a lot of the unfortunate things going on for some of them, but also the way that they were framing it, bringing up the devil and evil often. I’m just not used to hearing things like this, so it’s hard for me to process it all normally. 

After talking to Alex though, I see that something I should probably do is talk to Glen again. Maybe review Mere Christianity some more first, but then yeah. He helped give me spiritual direction last time, so I’m sure he can do it again, especially right now when I really need it.

I’ve heard some really disturbing rumors tonight. REALLY disturbing. Regarding the protest and something that it may have led to. So disturbing that I’ve had some disturbing thoughts that I don’t want to talk about. I hope the rumors aren’t true. That’s all I can really say. I guess I’ll learn more tomorrow.

Bro, I and so many others are here for you. Just please remember that. God, hopefully, too.

Best wishes,
Marcus Francium Jackson


Friday 30 January 2015

Dear Good Sir,

Today brought up some deliberations on my part again about something that I wrote about during the first week of this quarter. About the influence that females have over me and how I want to end this. On the Wednesday of the first week of this quarter, I wrote a long journal including my thoughts on this and how I had decided to give up expressing how I feel and pursuing females in general. Partly for the mental strain that this pursuing process can cause me. Partly to help destroy this influence that has been there for so long. And partly to help cultivate a focus on male friendships instead.

I certainly still agree with what you were determined to make those changes for. But the way that I was going about it before was a bit extreme in my opinion. Which would explain how easily it was uplifted the next day when I saw Chelsea and my whole world was flipped.

I definitely agree with the focus on growing platonic friendships with females from the very start and on focusing on male friendships and on removing that influence and not being victim to the mental strain in the pursuing process. But honestly, I think all of this can be achieved without giving up your desire to express feelings to a girl that you like.

I’ve already seen a lot of this happening since the protest when my perspective on life shifted. In fact, this was a lot of what I needed. This perspective shift really brought on a squashing of the mental strain on all of the things that I suddenly began seeing as trivial, at least compared to the protest. In other words, I don’t really see mental strain being a problem too much now in the courting process. Take Wednesday night. While I’m not sure where I am right now in terms of how I feel about Chelsea (in fact, I am QUITE confused, especially today), I definitely still have some feelings for her. Yet, having dinner with her that night, I faced an absolute zero of the worry and anxiety that I felt in the past. And believe me, I wouldn’t just lose something like that ordinarily so easily. It’s more so that I just don’t see the need for that kind of worry and anxiety over something so little. 

After today though, I definitely need to redouble my efforts on the focuses part of what I want to implement in change. I found myself trying to bring a third person into the mix of already confusing two. Just no. Let’s drop it all to be honest. Let’s not “pursue” anyone. Instead, let’s just work on cultivating wonderful platonic friendships with all. And if you reach a point that you really feel that you like someone, then great. And go act on it. It’s fine. If it doesn’t work out then that’s okay. If it does, then great. 

No mental strain. No influence from females, More meaningful male friendships. Wins across the board. It’ll take some work, but I know you can do it. In all honesty, I think it all starts from shifting your mindset to minimize the influence and focus on friendships with bros.

Now, as for Mina and Chelsea stuff. That’s a bit more complicated. My advice is what I’ve been telling you for awhile now. Don’t concern yourself about it right now. Do what I said in the previous paragraphs and consider and think about it more in the fall. Hopefully by then, things will be a bit more clear. Remember the sign associated with each of them. Keep it in the back of your mind. But take the signs as a grain of salt for now. There will come a time when it’s time for you to really think long and hard about how you really feel and whether you want to take action. Now’s not that time.

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson

