Friday 21 November 2014

Dear Good Sir,

I am writing this Saturday morning just so you’re aware, but this journal is about and meant for Friday. Last night was so crazy!!! I got drunk!!! What the actual heck? I am still wow’ed by last night in a lot of ways. But to start from the beginning, after eventually finishing my two assignments yesterday, I finally crossed the finish line into the break. David threw a party for ASES last night, and since I am more open to these experiences now that I am 21 and also since I want to be more prepared alcohol-wise when I go to Japan and such, I thought what better time than now to get some experience.

So I met Gina at the Bridge then walked over with her. She told me about her first real drinking experience as we walked over which probably worked as some priming for me to feel even more comfortable. We arrived at Terra and took a shot, my first shot, together which began the night’s drinking. Things were pretty calm, as far as a party goes, at first. Gina and I ended up exploring a bit and wound up finding a room with Melee on which we ended up coming back to and joining some Terra resident in playing later. Trying to switch back to Melee was easier than I was expecting, but it certainly had its challenges when I kept trying to use Smash 3DS moves or expecting moves to work they do in Smash 3DS, etc.

There reached a point while we were playing Melee that the party started picking up. At this point, I totally wasn’t feeling anything alcohol-related. Gina and I eventually returned to the party to find it very wild. I took a shot with David then proceeded to take 2 half shots (due to having to finish off containers) over the course of 30 minutes. My reasoning was that I still wasn’t feeling anything after this second shot. I asked Russell how long it usually takes to feel the alcohol and he said 15 minutes, and I knew I had waited at least 15 minutes and still wasn’t really feeling anything. So I reasoned that it would be okay to take another half shot over and over, etc. Eventually, I just reached a point of thinking that taking anymore would probably not be too smart, and decided to try a beer instead.

Some time after finishing the beer, Gina wanted to go to the bathroom and the other one was occupied by a dry heaver, so she went to look for one along the hallway where people live. This involved crossing a door barrier of sorts which almost seemed to separate us from the party, physically and sound-wise. I waited in the small room, but when she came back we just stayed there. While I wasn’t fully aware of it at the time, after we sat there talking for a bit, there reached a point when the alcohol suddenly slammed right into me. It feel like a haze or “buzz” over my head and silliness over me. In fact, I felt quite quite similar to hypnoemotions. Theory confirmed.

Before long we were drunk texting on each others’ phones, I sending tons of messages to Jacq (ending many of them with “yo” for whatever reason) and Gina texting JPang a few times. Gina started mentioning the idea of calling Zach at a certain point. Which she eventually did, but he didn’t answer thankfully. But then he responded that he was dealing with a transport and would get back to her.

The party reached an ending point soon, but instead of me going into wanting to be helpful mode as I usually am, especially since it was actually needed, my drunk state prevented me. It wasn’t necessarily an unable to help state as I was nowhere near being sick, but more so myself using the excuse of drunkenness to not help more than I wanted. I was enjoying the heck out of my drunkenness at this point. It was especially funny to everyone to see me like this.

Saurabh was sick and totally out of it, so we had to deal with him. Gina kept saying that she was going to go see Zach. Which I totally didn’t like. I wanted to at least walk her over there despite my state just to be safe since, while she didn’t seem in such a state as me, I still wasn’t sure about this. But she got impatient and took off. As we took Saurabh to Lantana, I suddenly started to really regret letting her take off like that despite not really being able to do much anyway. I texted and called her to make sure she made it there which she seemed like why are you calling, despite my legitimacy in it. The worry was also shared by Jacq who was close to going to search for Gina especially when she wasn’t responding.

David and I started heading back. But we made a mistake of sorts. Or at least in retrospect, it sort of was. We were passing TAP, and I was like, hey, let’s go to Late Night! So we went in where it was only like half an hour before it closed and super crowded. I tried my best to disguise my drunkenness as I ordered though it was a bit hard to keep the focus. But I could visibly see other intoxicated people in TAP, so I knew it was fine. We sat down and waited for the food. I drunken texted Ray-Ray which he found funny. David started falling asleep in the chair. He had not slept much this week, so it made sense to me.

At a certain point, David got up to go use the bathroom. Which I didn’t think much of at the time. I continued to wait for the food. Which finally arrived eventually. But David didn’t return. I waited and waited. Still nothing. Before long, it reached a point where I started to actually sort of worry. I was about to call him, then noticed his phone sitting there on the table...Wow.

Not long after, Steven showed up and I immediately told him about what was going on. That David went to the bathroom like 30 minutes or longer ago and that he had never came back and that both of us had been drinking etc. I then started to search. None of the bathrooms revealed him. Then I searched around the building just in case. Still nothing. I began to worry more and more. Eventually, I realized that I had forgotten to check the single bathrooms near the meeting rooms on the first floor. One of them was locked. An obvious solution occurred to me. David fell asleep on the toilet…

At this point, we asked the TAP staff for a key explaining that a friend had likely fallen asleep on the toilet. I told them that it was not likely alcohol-related since he didn’t seem that drunk and that he was very tired. But apparently, they don’t have a key. We instead just went over to the bathroom door and started banging on it more, but this time louder and over and over. After the second or third round of banging, we suddenly hear his voice from inside saying, gimme a second. Relief flooded me as things turned out to be as I thought, he must have fallen asleep on the toilet.

Steven walked with us most of the way home, then David and I went the rest. We had some talks about life to some extent, though I emphasized to him that we don’t have to be drunk to have these sort of talks. He mentioned the girl in ASES that he’s confused about and such. I sort of offhand mentioned Crystal, but kept the focus on his stuff. Before long, we crashed and went to bed. What a night.

More on my thoughts and reactions and reflections on alcohol, at a later time (see December early journals).

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson






Thursday 20 November 2014

Dear Good Sir,

I joined SOOP tonight in watching the documentary, Dreams of a City, which is about East Palo Alto. And wow, what a great documentary. There were parts that caused me to want to break into tears for various reasons. I didn’t realize just how much history there is in this city from back towards the trans-continental to the post-Civil Rights movement and so on, in addition to the racial makeup of EPA having changed so many times over the decades.

Besides the wonderful learning about East Palo Alto, watching this documentary has granted me something else. While watching the part of the documentary when EPA was predominantly African-American, I started just admiring the African-American race as a whole and eventually started deciding to myself that I need to stop hiding and explore my racial identity, especially while I am still here at Stanford.

What does this entail? I’m not quite sure to be honest, but it would certainly involve getting active in some way with the Black Community here. I’ve distanced myself from it over the past few years a little too much. It’s time that I finally do more to explore who I am. It would be nice to attend some workshop/discussions about racial identity and such. I honestly don’t know where to begin to make this happen and in a lot of ways, I feel that I should wait till next year to do this and just make it a priority then when I can try to join in at the beginning of the year. I’d be down to be honest to make exploring my racial identity one of those things on my list of things senior year to just really dive into (the same list that includes joining a play). 

But at the same time, I feel like I should start getting involved immediately while I am actually inspired. I’m not sure. I guess one thing that could help is reaching out to someone that I know that has an active role and see what they think I should to get involved or ask about workshop/discussions pertaining particularly to racial identity or something. Vander and the Ujamaa RF, Mrs. Alexander, are two people that come to mind immediately. I’ll think more about this in the weeks to come. 

Keep this inspiration alive, bro! Let’s stop hiding from the past.

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson





Wednesday 19 November 2014

Dear Good Sir,

Ah, I wish I had my camera during my run today. It was beautiful. So I’ll paint a picture from my mental snapshot. I was running at The Dish, the shorter leg of it. I reached and climbed the final hill along this way. Before this, the sky had already been so beautiful to me with the look of rain clouds all around and splotches of lighter areas where the sound pierces slightly more and darker areas thick with water. Upon reaching the top and starting to go down the hill on the other side, I looked out at the beautiful view to my right revealing Stanford and beyond. 

That’s when I saw it. A rainbow. Yes. In California. I honestly have never seen one here before. I could see it coming out of the clouds to the right, and after following where the arch would be behind the clouds, I found the other side of it too! What a beautiful sight on an already beautiful day and run. I really have to appreciate these gift moments from the Universe. There is just something special sometimes there for you, but you really have to take the time to notice and appreciate it otherwise you’ll just pass it by.

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson



Tuesday 18 November 2014

Dear Good Sir,

The unexpected happened tonight. Or I guess not super unexpected. But I wasn’t expecting it tonight. Crystal texted me. Texted me, yes. I know that sounds ominous if it’s what you think it is. But there’s an explanation. She did deliver her answer via text. Which she regretted to do, but she did only because she wanted to get back to me sooner and she didn’t think she’d be able to talk about it in person this week, which I appreciate the sooner-ness. Her answer is that a more-than-friends relationship is not what she’s looking for right now. Which I totally respect and can understand. She pre-empted with hoping we can still be friends, so I totally have no worries in that regard.

How do I feel as a result? Surprisingly not as disappointed as I would think. Maybe I did guard myself significantly over these past few days. Or maybe it hasn’t quite hit me? I don’t know. But it’s okay I guess. It at least wasn’t a just no or anything. If anything maybe this could open something down the road? Or maybe, I don’t even want to think that far. Who knows. But I’m okay. She and I are okay. That’s all that really matters, right?

If you need anything, I’m ALWAYS here for you, bro.

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson



Monday 17 November 2014

Dear Good Sir,

After attending the Rakuten information session this afternoon, I am totally sold on them and will focus my energies to getting to work for them next summer through the Kyoto Internship program. I already liked the international appeal to them which was definitely emphasized today. I didn’t realize just how global they are trying to go though. Apparently, a few years ago, they made English the company’s official language which was and certainly is a drastic measure they took. But it is starting to pay off for them as it is helping significantly with globalizing the company out of the country into the US and elsewhere.

I agree that they still have progress to make as I barely have heard of the country, especially in contention with companies like Amazon and such. But I also find it interesting that Rakuten seems to be entering tons and tons of areas outside of just a marketplace sort of thing like Amazon with banking, travel, securities, and even their own baseball team. I feel like this last part especially is totally unheard of as something for an American company to do. Google would be the closest I suppose with just tons and tons of things that Google is up to and entering though obviously no Google baseball team (yet?).

Something else that they emphasized which I appreciate is them expressing that the company is not all about making money, pointing to its goals to empower the world and also pointing that 3 of the 5 original founders are still a part of the company which I would say is a good thing to see. Though I guess at the same time, that’s also just a Japan sort of thing to do as in being very loyal to a company.

Due to its global ambitions, I’d say I’d also totally be interested in the company for after Stanford possibly. A company like this is just totally much more appealing to me than any general Bay Area company like Google or Facebook. Working for them just seems less appealing, but maybe it’s all the same outside of the location. It also depends on how I end up feeling about working for a big company vs working for a small company vs being independent. I guess another thing for Rakuten is that they were saying that working there almost feels like at times working for a small company sort of like a start-up just due to the vast range of areas that Rakuten is working in and constantly extending out newly to. 

While I won’t be applying to Rakuten through their regular application process and so going to this info session for that sense may not have been useful, but it certainly gave me lots to talk about on Thursday for my interview. I will be plugging hard for Rakuten.

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson



Sunday 16 November 2014

Dear Good Sir,

I never journaled last week about Splash because I was too busy writing about Crystal and such, so I shall do that now. As you know, I taught a class titled  Hack Your Memory in which I introduced basic memory techniques and memory aid basics. The lesson plan is contained in the Creativity folder on Drive and can be found elsewhere on my computer likely, so I won’t spend a lot of time on lesson plan per se. I will point out that I finally found an excuse to completely show off my periodic table skills though by starting the class with that. The kids seemed to enjoy it too as they were actually often pushing for me to continue more than I was.

The big picture message of the class that was trying to get across was that, one, our memories are already great, we just have to learn how to best use them. Secondly, I wanted to get the basic idea of association across and the easy way to apply through linking. The bulk of the class time was spent on association and its application through linking with the main activity being walking the students through memorizing a list of 10 words using linking and then afterwards having them make their own lists for each other and quizzing each other on them.

Looking back as a whole, the class went really well, and I can say confidently that I achieved my main goal of having the students learn how easy association is and how to use linking to memorize things. The success of this goal with the vast majority of the students could be seen when I had them recite the last of 10 words together which felt like directing an orchestra as I gave hand gestures for them to say each of the words. It was a beautiful moment for me. I could also see success as they had lots of fun creating lists of words for each other and quizzing each other. The energy that came from that really shined, especially in my first section on Sunday when they requested if they could do a second round of list-creating and quizzing.

I did run into a few problems. With my very first section, due to going into the class with the mindset that I shouldn’t make too much content as we’re never going to have time to run through it all, I ended up hitting the other problem of not having enough content because I did create a safety net of extra in case this happened. I ended up having to improvise and probably could have done something better with the rest of that class. Despite quickly creating more content before the second section that day, this problem went away as I didn’t get to even use any of the extra stuff as the content I made originally fit the time that I was expecting it to. I guess this shows though that it’s good to make more than you think just in case things run a bit faster than you were expecting even if its just the first section that this happens.

Another problem that occurred that again wasn’t really the content or topic of the class was in my last section, the second one on Sunday, I had a student that was disengaged and not being very cooperative with taking part in the class. He complained of being tired and just put his head down mostly. In terms of his partner, it was fine as I just quizzed his partner for him. But it was still annoying to have a student doing this. I tried to get him to take part, but did not have much success until it was a little too late. I may have been able to do more, but I did not wish to risk losing the attention and focus of the rest of the class trying to help this one kid. It was a tough position to be in, but I felt ok about my response since I lack the actual training to know how to handle such a thing very easily, and the rest of the class still was fine, and I can’t necessarily engage everyone with 100% certainty.

With my very last section, I also decided to test out having the students create a list of 15 words instead of 10 since the section before that, they requested doing a second activity, so I thought, let’s just increase the size of the first one. This ended up not being very smart due to the fact that even with just 10 words, there were a range of speeds at which the students created their lists, memorized their partners, then quizzed each other. Going up to 15 only served to increase the range of speeds which caused the students that finished quickly to have to be idling. So, 10 is definitely a better number in this sense, and just doing two activities might be smarter, having the second one focus on incorporating different types of words or something.

In terms of highlights, I definitely have to mention again the wonderfulness of hearing the students chorus out my list of 10 together. There was just something very satisfying about waving my hand and having them shout another word or phrase. I really felt in those moments that I was really teaching them something which I imagine must be a really good feeling as a teacher.

Another highlight would probably be in my last section when a boy, before the class started, asked me to memorize a word that I should say at the end of the class, a way of him testing me or something. I just found this very funny and cute in some ways of him totally initializing this himself. I laughingly told the class that the bigger issue wouldn’t be remembering the word, which was pumpkin, but instead remembering that I needed to say a word at all at the end of the class.

I guess one thing that I wish I could have spent more time on with the class was the ten digits and their syllable counterparts just since this is a very valuable thing to learn in my opinion as it allows memorizing of anything numeric, so much easier to do. It’s hard to fit this in time-wise though I definitely brought it up and mentioned it. I just wish I had more time to actually have the class practice these digits during class. I also sent out a follow-up email on the Sunday to encourage them to look into memorizing the digits though, so hopefully some of them will do so.

Again, overall, the class was a huge success in my book, and I would love to teach it again. But due to my love for teaching new and different classes, we will have to see. I may only have 2 more Splashes left though which is something just to think about. Thank you again for teaching at Stanford Splash.

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson




Saturday 15 November 2014

Dear Good Sir,

Like yesterday, I was feeling down again for some reason. Again related to Crystal stuff. This was affecting me all day but especially in the afternoon/evening, I guess when I was able to be thinking about it more when I was not very engaged with anything else. At a certain point when I was at the library, I started managing to figure out what was causing it. It’s a few things as I’d break down one, but feel like there was more because there was more.

A good bit of it is things that I am/was scared of. One big thing that I picked up on is that I am afraid that I made a big mistake yesterday. By that, I mean I think I made an error in logic last week in reasoning about those worries I had. One of the logic processes I went through was that I am not worried about the right now because of how everything turned out with Gina. And yes, that may be true, but I’ve noticed that a lot of the factors and situation elements here vs with Gina are very different. With Gina, it was just her and I that knew about that for the most part. Furthermore, with Gina, Gina gave me answer immediately. There was no time in between, i.e. we got to talk and debrief about it immediately. I have a half-worry of what if Crystal doesn’t give me an answer in person for some reason. That would prevent crucial debriefing unless I could manage to pull it through.

Another fear is that I am just causing her a whole lot of trouble right now with all of this. Something that I acknowledged last night and thought I dismissed last night. But apparently, it’s still around. I just feel bad. She has enough going on right now. Then I go and add this on top of it all. Is she ok? I feel doomed not to be able to see and check up on her until she gets back to me as I feel that if I reach out to her, it may be interpreted as me not being patient or trying to hurry her up or something when really I just want to see how she is doing.
(side note: words are just flying out of me right now and flowing into the typing that I am doing and it is REALLY cool. It has to do with my fatigue and hypnoemotions for sure. I just feel like I am just sitting back and watching my hands move and type as if I am not the one doing it)

Then, another cause of the feeling bad stems from feeling that I made a morally incorrect decision yesterday in telling her how I feel when she ended up having no idea and being totally taken by surprise. It has to do with feeling that there’s something wrong with the fact that she didn’t see this coming and that I’ve messed up in some way to allow this to be. 

Dude. This is all ridiculous. Especially the previous paragraph. First of all, how the heck would you know if she was going to see this coming or not? If she wasn’t picking up on it already then how ELSE would she best find out (besides randomness involved)? I wanted her to hear it from me before anyone else, so unless she figured out herself, there is no way she would know. So, there’s no way that what you did was wrong in any way. In fact, it was more of a right. A right that took a lot of courage on your part which I applaud you for. Also, anyway, I feel like in MANY cases, people do this of telling someone and it ends up surprising for the person. So again, there’s nothing wrong with what you did.

SO STOP FEELING BAD AND JUST BE PATIENT ALREADY.

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson


Friday 14 November 2014

Dear Good Sir,

Well. I did it. And the verdict is: deferred? Or at least, much closer to that than either accept or reject. Before I really get into that I guess I should start at the beginning. I made a foolish error these past few days in failing to think about the fact that instead of just creating a plan, I should also start the steps of making sure that the plan works for her BEFORE the day of. I texted her this morning to try to set the plan I created the other day in action, but it quickly fell through the roof when she said she wasn’t free in the evening. 

I had to scramble and scramble to rethink what to do here. Eventually, we just decided to meet in the afternoon without a meal. Which turned out to be probably a good thing. After some mental preparation, I headed out before 2 in order to scout out if the Oval would be a good place or not. Passing by showed me yes, yes it most definitely would be especially since it didn’t look crowded.

After walking out some nervous energy, I arrived at the center of the quad to find Crystal already there. We walked over to the Oval, I feeling slightly strange about it just because of the strange nature of where we were headed to, and she seemingly picking up on that. Then, we sat and she asked me what’s going on, explaining that she hasn’t been sure if something happened to me or what. I began talking first about last Friday and apologized for feeling distracted that day. Then, moved into the second thing which happened to be what I was distracted: that I like her quite a lot, then I added that I can’t keep that to myself anymore.

I watched her face for her reaction, but had trouble reading it but understood what she expressed in saying that she was very surprised. So that’s what it is. She apparently did not see this coming. At all. Shock continued to spread through her. I honestly at that moment didn’t know where anything was going anymore. She funnily gave a disclaimer of not knowing how to respond or what to do now, and I quickly responded neither did I. I couldn’t even really read how she was taking this besides surprise. Or perhaps, that’s all it is at this point.

After some thinking, I totally understand. She told me that this is her first anything. So she probably isn’t going around suspecting people much, let alone me. Then for me to suddenly do this. She doesn’t even know what to think or anything. She just expressed over and over her surprise and that she would need time to process this. I started feeling bad that I was causing her more stress than she was already under. She said this week has already been a lot with life stuff happening everywhere. And now this. I guess I can’t really hold myself too much as I had no way of knowing what would happen. But, that doesn’t stop me from feeling bad though.

Eventually, she said she just wanted to go back her room so she could try to process all of this. I figured this would probably be this thing as well. On the way walking back to the quad, I stressed that she shouldn’t feel any pressure to rush but that she should take all the time in the world to process and think. If that means a few weeks or even more, then it’ll just be that way. I can get over myself. 

Ugh though. This outcome is one of the things that I honestly did not account for or prepare myself for. I was totally ready for either accept or reject. But then this third option appears that I hadn’t considered. I guess I was just ready to find out what would happen. Not to be told not yet. I was generally ok earlier today, but still went out to try to chill out and walked around Lake Lag a bit then checked out the Windhover Contemplation Center where I meditated for who knows how long. That’s where I finally did a little processing.

How I feel right now, hmm. I don’t even know exactly. I am a bit surprised myself I guess to some extent. I wasn’t expecting this outcome as I’ve said. I guess I’m also a bit down that I need to wait. But at the same time, what’s such a big deal about waiting? I just waited a week fine when I had the expectation of finding out by the end of the week. And now, I don’t have any idea when I’ll learn what the true verdict is, so waiting shouldn’t even be considered waiting at this point. I know that I am TOTALLY for her taking all the time she could possibly need, so let’s truly respect that in terms of myself too and drop the whole feeling bad thing. 

I know it’s not that simple per se, but I’m just saying that I don’t really see what there’s to feel bad about. It seems like part of it is that you are feeling some of thing the feelings that you’d feel if it was reject. But it’s not reject? Not at this point anyway. So come on, dude. Drop the empty feeling, and let’s be the super patient person that I am known to be.

Also, thank you, dude. You were awesome today. There was basically no hesitation. Certainly not 4 hours!! I am proud of how you’ve changed and look forward to seeing how you continue to change and grow in the future. I know you know that life is good, so just make sure you don’t forget.

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson



Thursday 13 November 2014


Dear Good Sir,

After listening to another Serial episode today, I am left unsure about where the podcast can go from here. I didn’t really think so before, but I am almost certain now that we will never get the answers that we want, the true happenings of that day Hae was killed. I know for a fact that the story(ies, and the fact that I have to add a potential plural really says so) presented in the Jay interviews and trial are not the completely accurate happenings of that day. But I just see no possible way for Sarah or anyone for that matter to suddenly produce something to reveal the truth and to reveal what were lies.

Before this episode, I was empathizing with Adnan, not because I necessarily think he’s innocent, but because I think he was convicted without enough evidence. I think that it was a fluke of many different things that the jury was able to decide to convict with the story and evidence presented at the trials.

After this episode, I empathize with both Adnan and Jay. Jay now because, whether there is more to the story that he is not telling us or not, I really have to admire and feel for what he went through. It was REALLY hard to listen to the clips have him being cross-examined on the stand by Adnan’s lawyer, Christina Gutierrez. Her approach was just cringing with the way she spoke and questioned Jay and was literally trying to make him break. Her voice rings in my head. And from a race perspective, it complicates things even more as here is this white lady cross-examining a black guy on the stand and “screaming in his ear” practically. I can totally understand if the jury sympathized with him after having to watch hours of this. And the fact that he did not break despite the way she was treating him just leaves reason to at least admire him if not believe him.

The quote said by someone in the podcast that was interviewed of “then who DID do it?” really is the question that really captures how everyone must feel at this point. And if we expect to figure that out then we might as well stop listening. I’m not sure what the purpose of this podcast is anymore from the producer’s perspective, but I feel like all it has done and can do from here is reveal a lot of flaws in the judicial system and make us think about the nature of memory and witnesses and testimonies and interrogations and trials. There is A LOT more to all of it then it might seem from a distance.


Before I can get to answering the question of how for tomorrow, I think I should first answer the question of why. Earlier, I did some re-reading of journals from this week, and I see that I have already written some on this subject of why. But I suppose to be slightly more formal based on what is to go down tomorrow, I’ll pour out everything right now.

Why I like Crystal. I have not really thought about this in a well-defined way before. I’m not sure I’ve done this for anyone before. One thing for sure is her kind nature. Crystal has to be one of the nicest people that I know without a doubt. Caring, polite, compassionate, the whole bill. I can’t necessarily think of an example just like that, but it’s just her way of being in general. I know people usually say this about guys more so, but she’s the type of person that you’d take home to mom as in an overall great, kind, funny individual. There’s obviously something about her that made me latch on and want to continue to see her after freshman year for no other reason besides enjoying her presence.

Crystal is also someone that I really trust. I mentioned my counseling of the past year to her this quarter without a thought. She’s just someone that I don’t have to think twice about telling something personal like that. She’s the type of person that just deserves your trust because she’s the good person type of person that just wouldn’t do anything innately wrong because that’s just who she is. A good-doer.

I also have an immense respect and admiration for the determination and dedication that she is showing in being pre-med. If there’s one thing that I can tell you about being pre-med, is that it is really REALLY tough on so many levels. Not just the intensity and rigor of the classes, but also the fact that you go through this intense 4 years of these classes but then still don’t really know if you’ll get into a med school once that time comes. You have to dedicate yourself to it without knowing what the results will be. As in, go through without knowing if it’ll be worth it. It’s scary. Yet, despite how scary she finds it which she has pointed out to me before, she’s staying true and not letting this stop her. What perseverance!

Besides these things, she seems like she would be a wonderful mother, she has international background and experience and some in terms of interest, she is fun to be around. She is the type of person that it would be easy to communicate openly and freely with in terms of feelings too which would probably be good criteria for someone to date. I think I will call all of this sufficient for why I feel the way I do.


In terms of how for tomorrow, I’d say text her in the morning asking if she is free in the afternoon/evening and ask if I can meet her at FloMo at 4 and we talk outside and later after that get dinner. Then assuming yes’s, at 4, we walk over to Lake Lag and to the center where we sit and talk openly. I will first apologize about last Friday and express my respect and admiration for her perseverance in being pre-med and give my full support. From there, I will move into explaining what it was that was distracting and worrying me last Friday, then express that I want to be honest with her and tell her how I feel. From there, you can move straight into popping the question if it seems right. I don’t necessarily want to have too definite a plan regarding that point, but I definitely plan to pop the question if everything is right. If all goes as planned in that direction, then I’ll probably ask if we can get dinner out, but that again is something that can be played by ear and be based on how things go before that.

Thank you for your never-ending support, especially this week in keeping me going despite having to wait until Friday. I have full faith in you and in tomorrow. No matter what happens, I’m always here for you, and I think she is too.

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson





the question of how
	but first, how do you really feel i.e. the question of why
a “script”



Wednesday 12 November 2014

Dear Good Sir,

The questions of when and where for Friday are now answered. I did a big location brainstorm this afternoon followed by some thought over what an ideal location entails. After some thinking, I realized that it’s not just privacy I am looking for, but really feeling that no one can hear me. I realized that secluded spots with lots of trees around aren’t necessarily the most ideal in the sense that it’s just hard to tell if someone is around necessarily. It’s not a big deal either way, but in terms of most ideal, I just mean that this isn’t the most ideal even if the place is necessarily secluded.

Instead, I realized that the most ideal would be somewhere that I KNOW no one can hear us. Which seems non-existent, right? Maybe, but I think I might have found one of the closest things. During my brainstorm, I was literally just typing down every spot that came to mind with very minimal filtering besides for spots that I deemed immediately would not pass my requirements for feeling comfortable. But even with that, there was very small amounts of filtering. One of the places that I thought of was in the middle of Lake Lag. I was just trying to be more specific instead of just saying Lake Lag and wrote that more jokingly.

But after some thought of what would be ideal, it suddenly starting occurring to me that the middle of Lake Lag actually might not be that bad of an idea. Sure, it’s very visible meaning we wouldn’t have privacy in that sense, but in terms of sound, it might be a great spot as I’d be able to know for sure that no one is around and I don’t feel like sound travels that well around the lake per se especially if we are just speaking to each other which doesn’t require much volume. And when it comes down to it, the visibility is not really a bad thing in that I’d feel more comfortable taking her there and all.

I decided to scout out the spot in addition to seeing how lighting would be in the afternoon. For some reason, today, I saw more than one group of people walk down in the “lake” part which doesn’t always happen. And each small group or one person seemed to be completely independent. It almost seemed to be the universe helping me feel comfortable going down there myself which I eventually did. I was having trouble feeling comfortable due to my LNT morals which seem to be hammered in me a bit well at this point. Once I got down there though, wow, what a wonderful idea. This is even more ideal than I was thinking. And I got to even gather some data on volume and how sound travels when a group of people passed by me walking through the middle of the lake and observing that I could not hear them after they got a short distance away.

So, the current plan right now is to meet Crystal at FloMo around 4 then walk over to the lake. I think I’ll just tell her beforehand that I’d like to talk outside somewhere and just leave it at that. Lake Lag is just down the street from FloMo, so it won’t even take long to get there. Good thinking, bro! At this point, the only things left would be to answer the question of how, I guess, or in what way (as in with a question?). And I guess thinking about dinner too, but that can also be something that we decide together at the time since that is susceptible to how things go a bit, but going out will certainly be a possibility. I believe in you, bro!

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson





Tuesday 11 November 2014

Dear Good Sir,

I think there are a few misconceptions that occurred last night regarding my perceptions about how I feel about Friday. These misconceptions have gone unnoticed until today and even right now aren’t fully uncovered as I am just assuming based on small, yet decent evidence that the misconceptions are there if I just peek. The way I realized they were there was from doing a slight peek earlier today without necessarily meaning too.

This misconception, since really it’s just one, is that I am not nervous about Friday. I might think as a whole when I glance very broadly that I don’t feel nervous. And that’s mostly because, one, the extent at which I want Friday to come is very high which is clouding out other things, and two, I have not fully gone over my plans for Friday yet. That accidental slight peeking earlier? That was from me starting to play out parts of Friday in my head. And there was a point when I was thinking about the actual confession/popping the question (if I want to do that) part when I suddenly felt really nervous.

Which makes sense. That has always been the part that has made me the most nervous i.e. with Gina. Sure, I might be at a better place now, but that sure doesn’t mean that nervousness will just disappear with a snap of my finger. Or does it? I think if I prepare myself well and have a good plan, including wording already for the most part mapped out, I think I can keep the nervousness to a minimum and NOT take 4 hours to do it. In fact, I think I can make this real good if I take advantage of this extra time I have to plan. That will be a task for in the next few days though once I’ve melted down some more of these assignments and such. Good luck, not that you need it.


This podcast series, Serial, an investigation story over multiple podcasts, is amazing. Sarah is just doing a wonderful job of presenting everything and the story and the order. But the story, gah. The whole thing bothers me. The fact that Adnan was charged guilty, i.e. without a doubt, based on the trial that the prosecution put on. There is just clearly lots of confusing things about Jay’s stories and the records. I am by no way saying that Adnan is innocent, but I don’t think the prosecution had enough information during the trial to have be considered guilty without a doubt.

Now, what becomes really interesting is when you consider the idea that Adnan is innocent. If that’s the case, then Jay MUST know who actually did it as he knew where the car was parked. And if Adnan is innocent then I feel like he must really not know who did it which becomes interesting even more when you think that Jay had his phone and car a lot of the day and does know who did it. I feel like if Adnan is innocent, then Jay had to have set him up. I just don’t see how else it could be. But I don’t understand why Jay would kill Hae. If he even did. But who else would have wanted to kill her and why would Jay have helped and provided Adnan as someone to set up? And who was that mysterious anonymous Asian caller that provided the lead for the detectives to start checking out Adnan? So many questions. I REALLY hope they can get to the bottom of this whole thing. SOMEONE is lying, and I want to know who regardless of who it is.

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson




Monday 10 November 2014

Dear Good Sir,

My desire to talk to Crystal right now rather Friday has still been pressing me all day. I want to look at this more closely. Why am I so eager to tell her how I feel? I don’t feel like I’ve been this way in the past with such endeavors. What’s different about this time? I suppose I should be more specific about what I mean about eager. I mean I have actually been feeling bad yesterday and today that I have to wait until Friday. As in impatience and annoyed. I just really want to tell her. There is practically NO nervousness or hesitation with it either.

Which is odd. I don’t feel like I’ve ever been so eager, maybe even excited, for confessing my feelings for someone. Like this is strange and a big deal. And after doing some research via my journals, I don’t think it’s ever been this extent. Certainly in terms of nervousness. It was hard to tell from the case of Q but there was at least some hesitancy at the time of the actual popping the question. In the case of G and A, there was definitely some nervousness (G without a doubt, 4+ hours hahaha). But in this case, I don’t really feel worried one bit or nervous.

I think one thing is that I have no worries about the outcome of expressing how I feel. If she feels the same way then AWESOME YAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! But if she doesn’t feel quite the same way, that’s okay too. I am okay with this second outcome because of what happened with Gina. Of course, there’ll still be some disappointment in that case, but I’ll be ok in the end. So I think because of both results not causing me any worry, I am not nervous or worried about expressing how I feel.

And beyond that, I think I am almost excited and want it to be right now because I want to find out what will happen. I am really curious of the outcome. Does Crystal feel the same way about me? Am I about to embark on a journey with her (one that could last a lifetime, or do we not want to even broach that at this point?)? I can’t wait to find out. I am excited honestly. I think also I am so excited because of how different this is. Never before have I looked forward so much to confessing my feelings. And to have no nervousness about it really. WOW. I have changed and grown so much. You’ve got this, bro! I just need to figure out the when, where, how…

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson



Sunday 9 November 2014

Looking for a journal about this Splash? See the one from Sunday 16 November 2014.



Dear Good Sir,

I want to highlight my appreciation for the Mina/Gina duo again. I REALLY appreciate their friendship and support especially right now in my quest regarding Crystal. I honestly would not be where I am right now without their help. Like AT ALL. I am still quite surprised by the drastic change that I underwent in the process of an hour last night. But even outside of this, I just enjoy spending time with them both and feel so lucky to have such good friends here at Stanford. In regards to Gina, I am really happy that, at least right now, it is like old times last year of hanging out a lot and such. The both feel like long lost sisters or something.

So, this morning, still feeling the same as last night, as in wanting to talk to Crystal as soon as possible, I decided to text her to figure that out. I wanted to avoid making it seem like a big deal at all but with still trying to make it an as soon as possible thing. Errrr, is that even possible though? I certainly didn’t think so, so I just compromised by still wording it as “wanting to talk to her about something” but tried to tie it back to Friday, so that’s unclear what I really want to talk to her about. 

But unfortunately, she is busy as I expected, and it was quickly looking like it would be Friday. Deciding to accept this, I told her that was fine. But somehow or perhaps it’s just her caring nature, she asked me is Friday really okay and is everything actually okay. She even offered Wednesday after her midterm, but I just continued to say Friday as that would be too much right after her midterm.

After more thinking, I am glad she has some inkling and pre-warning. It gives her time to prepare and think I suppose. Though I guess I don’t really know what she thinks though anyway, so maybe she has no idea? Or I don’t know. But I certainly have some time to think. All the way until Friday. Wow. Why? Agh. I just want to talk to her right now.

But so be it. Friday it is. I guess when it comes down to it, there are two things I want to broach and possibly a third but I don’t know about that one. First of all, the actual tie to Friday, I want to apologize for my lack of focus and really being there for her on Friday when she was telling me about the hard times she’s going through. I was at a lost for words and was worrying too much but her and I stuff, basically the second of the things that I want to talk to her about. I’ll probably broach it this way with her as in that I had some things that I was worrying about. I also just want to say how much I admire her and her courage and perseverance and determination to keep going despite the absolutely difficult thing that being pre-med is.

The second is obviously how I feel about her. How I’ll actually approach this I’m not sure. Though I think I will word it more as just telling her how I feel. Unless I decide to actually go through with the third thing...which is more so just asking her out, period, rather than just conveying my feelings. But ehh...we’ll see about all that…

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson






Saturday 8 November 2014

Dear Good Sir,

So, you probably won’t believe this. But guess where I am regarding Crystal? I want to tell her how I feel. As soon as possible. Yeah. Like what the actual hell? How the HELL did I get where I am right now?

I guess it would be the “ina” duo: Gina and Mina. Gina last night and Mina tonight. I journaled about my discussions with Gina last night already, so it’s tonight that I shall discuss. After a fun game of Scrabble with Mina, we were just sitting around, so I decided to ask her opinion on close friends that go the dating direction. After her responses, I was stuck in the position that I knew that I’d be in, with her curious why I asked and such. Eventually, without telling her who, I started going into how I have been deliberating for awhile.

Eventually, in addition to just listening to about stuff with her and Dan and how that worked out in terms of her first saying something to Dan, I started going into my three worries though not systemically. The biggest one of the risk came out clearly and on its own. What got me to not worry about this so much was one, realizing that for one, the only thing that I am really worried about is the future, not the right now. By that I mean that I am not worried about the immediate possibilities of what could happen from telling Crystal how I feel. As in, either way it could go (assuming there’s only two directions?), I’d eventually be okay, in a don’t even need to worry about it right now way. One of the bigger things to realize this was to remember where Gina and I are now because of me deciding to say how I feel. As in, we wouldn’t be where we were without and I’d probably still be pondering whether to say something, etc.

What I am really worried about in terms of risk is what is incorporated in my second worry of what I journaled last night (i.e. the first has been nullified and now we move on to the second). Basically, I am worried of things moving along and working out at first but then I realizing later that I made a mistake and wanting to turn around or meeting someone else or etc etc. Basically just a worry of something happening down the line that would make things possibility go sour. What eventually made me push this worry away enough was realizing that one, there is nothing about Crystal, right now anyway, that would make me want to turn around. So it would have to be some outside influence. And if that happened, I think talking honestly about that, especially early, could help lower the potential risk of such a thing occurring. Not a great solution to the worry, but it’s enough to want to take action.

And if you noticed, I answered the third worry in that paragraph too of worrying about compatibility, etc. So that means all three worries are nullified or at least enough for me to feel comfortable telling Crystal how I feel. Which is how I’ve ended up in this state that I mentioned at the start. So yeah. The plan currently is to just ask Crystal when’s the next time she’s free then try to tell her how I feel during that time. And when I say tell her how I feel, I mean just that, not going for anything else yet. Though I guess I’m open to that too. I also want to apologize for my lack of being a good friend Friday night, worrying too much about the things on my head to be able to focus on her and at least support her better than I did regardless if I can fix her problems with the snap of my fingers or not.

So yeah, we’ll see how things go. I definitely want to talk to her SOON though. So try to make that happen soon without conveying anything to her that anything is up. Good luck.

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson





gotta be a better friend on many levels

desire to try acting



Friday 7 November 2014

Dear Good Sir,

Oh my. I cannot stand my n=1 sample analyses that I am ALWAYS doing. By this I mean drawing conclusions off of one thing happening rather than kind of noting something but deciding to gather more data or allow for more things to take place before making a more calculated analysis. I feel so quick to jump to conclusions which causes me to go from feeling one way about something to feeling another way about something very soon after.

To be more specific, I am referring to the way that earlier this week when I was trying to figure out when to have dinner with Crystal, when she said let’s decide later (it was more than that I suppose that I was fixating on but still), I was slightly using this as an n=1 sample to make analysis about where we were and such. I managed to revert all of that and it wasn’t a big deal I suppose by yesterday and into today, but at the same time, it’s just annoying to have myself doing that at all. To totally blow things out of proportion.

Then tonight, I had dinner with Crystal and am left in a “hmmmm” state after tonight. This time it isn’t as ridiculous I suppose in terms of blowing something out of proportion I had no right to blow out of proportion. I guess the initial cause of the way that I am feeling which is unrelated to all of this n=1 sample stuff, is a bit helpless. Crystal is going through tough times with premed stuff right now which was coming out a lot tonight. And like I often am, I was at a loss for words. What bothers me even more is that I REALLY want to help. To solve her problems. But it’s so hard for me to accept that it’s not that simple. I can’t just solve her problems or anyone else’s problem with the snap of my finger. But it’s also, my seemingly inability to find a way to put a smile back on her face. And not necessarily because she was resisting such a thing but that I just couldn’t think of a way. I guess I am being a bit hard on myself but it is just frustrating.


So, after a throwback late night trip with Gina, I am a little less concerned or preoccupied, I suppose, with the whole n=1 sample stuff. More so, what’s on my mind is Crystal and everything more related to her. The throwback part comes in the sense of hanging out with Gina and having good, personal discussions with her, which often occurred at late night in the past though certainly not exclusively.

Anyway, eventually, I started off asking her the question, what is your opinion on dating close friends which required some more context before long which I just went out started telling her about Crystal and I. I guess I was already sort of thinking about telling Gina about all of this, but it wasn’t until then that I just went ahead and did so. I think I feel comfortable telling Gina, not just because I trust her, but also because she is more of a third party then someone that knows Crystal well and i.e. that there would be a higher chance of things somehow spreading. As you know, I’d really like to avoid things suddenly going somewhere because of something I technically started without my intention of having things going somewhere.

In talking to Gina, a lot of the worries that have been bothering me since the summer have come out. The absolute biggest thing stopping me from asking out Crystal right at this moment is certainly the fear of the risk of such a maneuver. By risk, I refer to things not working out and the negative utility that would come as a result of the original decision. One could be in the loss of our friendship or at least loss of what and where it is right now. Which is a serious consequence and worry for me. The other huge worry in terms of risk is of hurting her. I don’t think I could forgive myself for breaking her little heart. I’m not so worried about that in terms of if she likes me now and decide not to do anything since I know better now from the whole Amanda thing in that dragging out deciding to turn away only increases the pain that you end up causing.

What’s interesting regarding this, which was realized talking to Gina by her, is that both of my previous relationships did not have this risk involved at all. It was more the other alternative of dating a close friend of dating someone you either just met or don’t know very well which in both cases was basically the just met sort of thing. I’ve never actually had the experience from the side of exploring down the tree of dating a close friend. I’ve certainly considered such things in the past, but never have I braved exploring down that path.

Then, there’s the selfish worries of wondering if there is someone better for me, confounded even more by wondering if there’s a higher likelihood of that happening while abroad in the spring/summer whether nihonjin or not. Or meeting someone on campus. Or after college. Or just in general. I don’t know. Then I wonder what would it even take for me to not have this sort of worry in terms of wondering if there’s someone better. Because this is exactly one of the things that I was worrying about during the Amanda stuff.

Then there are worries of whether we are compatible in terms of personality and such but also in terms of future. Again something I was thinking about during the Amanda stuff, I feel like it is likely that I might spent some time either in Japan or just abroad in general after graduation which I don’t know how that lines up with Crystal or anyone for that matter unless I found someone that actually wanted to do the same thing. Crystal did say that she wanted to take a gap year and travel before going to med school, so maybe slightly?

I think those are the main big areas of worry. When it comes down to it, I almost feel like it just makes tons of sense to just date “randos”, as Gina and I were putting it, than take the risk of dating a close friend. I just don’t feel like the potential negative utility in risk that could come out of that outweighs the potential positive utility. Especially when I am not really sure that the potential positive utility of dating a close friend is necessarily even higher than dating a rando. If it’s not then why deal with that risk when the other alternative is there?

And finally, something else that occurred to me earlier, which I think has occurred to me before, is that I certainly have an issue with coming to like close friends. What happened to the Maddi’s of the world? I wouldn’t even throw Gina into that category. Maddi and, maybe Quameeha, are part of the small minority of girls that I liked before having any real idea if they liked me or without really factoring in at least whether they liked me. I just liked them because I liked them. It was THAT simple. Why can’t I be that way anymore? I am WAY too caught up in factoring in whether a girl likes me in deciding if I like her or at least in deciding whether to action, etc. 

LET’S LISTEN TO GINA! Let’s be my own agent in my life! Let’s make my own decisions! Let ME decide who I like. Let it have NOTHING to do with whether I think someone likes me or not. YEAH (if only it was that simple?) (or is it actually that simple, and I just don’t know?).


(As an extra extra note, as in each of these double space breaks means there was time between writing) I think my factoring in whether a girl likes me into whether I like her or my deciding whether to action has a lot to do with my risk-aversive nature. This risk-aversive nature can also be easily seen by the huge numbers of the absolute value of the negative utility I set to the potential risks to things. I am very much a worst case scenario type of person. Not that I am necessarily pessimistic and always expecting the worst case to happen, but more so, in my decision making and such, I am always being very very wary of the worst case scenario and giving huge weight to that factor in the actual decision calculation.

Perhaps, I should take some lessons from things I’ve heard over time, even through AI class, in that I should go for failing early and fast and embracing failures as a way to get great feedback to reincorporate into my decision functions and be even better as a result. As in, maybe I should just throw away my worries with all of the risks. Maybe I should just go for it and see what happens. And if it crashes and burns or some subset of that, then so what. That’s just something I have to live and accept.

But MAN, it’s easy to type that but SO hard to accept such a mindset. I feel irresponsible and not taking into account other people in such a mindset. It just seems totally focused on me versus factoring on how my decisions might affect others. Which just brings me back to my worst case scenario thinking. I think. Perhaps, I am making a big leap there. Perhaps, I can move closer to that other extreme of a mindset without going all the way there and still factor in others but in such a way that it is not completely overweighing everything else in the decision.

Obviously, more pondering to do in the future. While I thought that I was moving closer to the decision of not taking action regarding Crystal, I am not so sure anymore after talking to Gina and journaling. So I will continue on in this complicated decision making process. It’s all good. It is a tough choice (ne, kana?).

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson




Wednesday 5 November 2014

Dear Good Sir,

Something happened today during lunch that I wish to try to bring out more often. Like often so, I was eating with David, and it was like it normally is with generally some conversation but not necessarily a lot unless there’s just something, usually him, that one of us really wants to talk about. But today, this is spun to a great extent. It started I remember specifically from me wanting to just break the silence, so I asked if he had had another one of his ASES coffee conversation things again yesterday. The idea of these things are really appealing to me, so I feel like often ask him about them. 

He started talking about the conversation the coffee talks in general and how they often last a long time which is unique to him apparently compared to the other officers. I think it lies somewhere in here what caused today’s lunch to go the way it did as I feel like we both at least subconsciously wanted or want to talk at length with each other. He started going more into ASES in general and different things, we started having a wonderful conversation about clubs we are in specifically ASES and SOOP and clubs in general. Before long it was after 1 us having been talking for quite well.

Besides the desire to cultivate such happenings more often with David and to really consider ASES next year, something else in general that I want to take away from this happening which is more so something to think about, and more so something to consciously point out as I think you’ve thought about this in the past recently: what sort of things do you want to spend time dedicating to your senior year? I know that’s way in the future (or is it?), but I feel like thinking about that now and in the next few quarters before than would be a good idea.

One BIG question is regarding SOOP. Something that I thought about during our conversation today was that I am one of the few really dedicated juniors in SOOP right now besides Nikita and Brendan and a few others though even these few others I don’t know the full extent in terms of being very very involved. It’s not at all a calling them out for not being more dedicated or anything since I especially understand junior year being abroad and what not. And it’s not really this year specifically that I am really pointing at. Even last year, it was very similar at least percentage-wise.

Now that question is, do I want to shoot for co-president next year? At least, this year and before and possibly in the past, there seems to be a slight tradition of having a sophomore and a senior president. If that is to continue, not that I would make a decision based on that, but if it is to continue, that would mean either Nikita or I (or someone that I am not thinking of that would be willing to take on that role) would need to be the one. I am unsure right now if I want to step up to do that. It’s just a not sure sort of thing. Part of it is a not feeling qualified but at the same time, I have lots of measures in place to push that away and realize that does not need to be a concern. 

But it’s also just a thing of not sure of what I want to dedicate myself too. Right now, my outdoor interests and Japanese interests are two completely, seemingly, unrelated areas to the extent that I am not sure, outside of random stand-alone things, that they will ever really collide. Which is fine. But I don’t want to split myself too too much. So I don’t know between SOOP, SJEC, etc what I would want to dedicate myself to more or what. Or is there other things that I’d like to do? Who knows right now? I guess one thing is maximizing doing things that I won’t really be able to do after Stanford. But in general, all of this is something to keep in mind and think about in the next year, and especially while you are abroad and such. So you’re ready to have the time of life senior year. 

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson




Tuesday 4 November 2014

Dear Good Sir,

There was a rather funny moment tonight when I had dinner with Debra worth noting. She had been telling me about her incident with Yanshu where he eventually made an offensive socioeconomic comment that pissed her off (Debra mad? Whoa, I know right?). In the middle of her telling me the story, Axel randomly saw me and decided to join us at the table without really asking despite her being in the middle of this tale though he wasn’t necessarily aware of that. 

Later, after Alex had joined the table as well which indirectly allowed Debra to continue her story through Axel and Alex talking to each other, Debra was telling a separate short thing of an example of how Yanshu can be a bit unaware sometimes. She explained how she was talking personal things with Dina and Katrina when Yanshu saw them at the table and joined them without asking which was rather annoying to them especially he didn’t even know them. As she was telling this, she was also saying how you gotta call these things out and such. All I was thinking was the total double meaning going on here. How Axel had just done the same thing to us. I could not figure out if she was doing this on purpose as in intending the double meaning.

I asked her later on afterwards and she said she had not thought about the double meaning and irony before I mentioned it, finding it hilarious. Though to be fair for Axel, he did seem hesitant after he sat down, and we didn’t ask him to go or anything as we didn’t mind. I’m not sure the same could be same in Yanshu’s case.

I want to complement you on your hard work on the 221 assignment today. Though you didn’t manage to finish it before 11 as I was gunning for, you still made significant significant progress on it and really put a lot of time into it without distraction and such. So good work. Let’s keep doing that and make it through the rest of these assignments and such the next few weeks. GANBAROU!

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson



Monday 3 November 2014

Dear Good Sir,

I repeat, no despair! I don’t care that I had to turn in my 131 assignment incomplete. Screw Matlab for eluding David and I in a bug for so long to the point of us not having time to finish the rest of the assignment. Who cares! It’s one assignment out of many for the class not including the final. And hey, stuff like this probably happens to everyone. And we need to shift our working time to adjusting to when office hours is I guess. That’s hard when I have constant 221 over my head. But hey, you can make it. As you point out, all you have to do is survive. Do decently. There’s no need or requirement to do EXCEPTIONALLY WELL. No pressure, no sarcasm suggested, yo.

I am rather annoyed by your lack of consistency in your feelings for Crystal. One minute you’re trying to make a jump at a decision due to circumstances randomly causing for us to have dinner instead of lunch on Friday. The next, you’re not sure how you feel anymore anyway. I’m kinda glad that going to Palo Alto was tabled for now as now I don’t have to deal with you trying to jump at a decision that has left you indecisive for awhile now. Using circumstances to break indecision is generally totally cool and all, but not for important decisions like this, yo.

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson



Sunday 2 November 2014

Dear Pro Bro,

I was at a point come Friday that I thought that was I moving back on top of work and all. And I got a decent amount done this weekend, but due to unforeseen difficulties with 131, I’m not sure anymore. Now, David and I are going to be at the last minute doing this pset, then I also have a big 221 assignment looming over me, and even beyond that, the project progress report due next week. And Splash is this next weekend, so I need to prepare for that. Plus, constant Japanese stuff to do. And SOOP and SJEC. And now I have to deal with re-doing my wounds every morning. So much!

But hey, no despair. When it comes down to it, I’m going to Kyoto in the spring. My grades really don’t matter that much as long as I keep them decent enough. Thanksgiving is only a few weeks away. I am moving closer to wanting to make a move on my feelings for Crystal. My dream stuff is moving along if not getting much better again. I’m alive. That’s the big one.

I know it’s hard, bro, but keep pushing. You’ve got LOTS and LOTS of support behind you, not to mention from me. I’ve seen you make it through far worse in far worse conditions even mentally, so again, I KNOW YOU’VE GOT THIS, LET’S GO!

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson



Saturday 1 November 2014

So today was certainly a 大変な day. Remember that mountain lion we heard about? On my way to Wilbur for brunch with Allie, as I was biking, I spotted it running at me and I jumped off my bike and tackled it to the ground, and beat it at wrestling but got a few wounds as a result. Yeah no, I wish…

As I was biking past the post office towards the open area with Meyer to the left far side and the Law Library to the right, there were a few girls walking three-wide through the narrow pillar area. As a result, I went hard down the right side of it and because of this, decided not to even try to turn left around them and straight down the hill towards Meyer. Instead, I continued forward as if going towards Stern (why didn’t I just go this way…?) to reach the second turn left towards Meyer and that way. That sharp turn. 

As I reached that point, I began turning then suddenly felt something strange, something that I haven’t really experienced much before as my bike refused to respond properly. I felt the bike toppling over to the left, me along with it and before long, I was hitting the ground. During this process of falling over, I sort of felt like I could do something, yet, I just watched as I didn’t. It wasn’t that I felt helpless but more so that I didn’t know what to do. The bike and I hit the ground, I falling out on my stomach and sliding to a halt with grunt. I got up quickly thinking, “damn, I need to get to Wilbur”, not feeling any pain. But as I picked up my bike, my hands still on the handles the whole time, I saw my left knee looked pale right on the end. In my head, I knew what that meant but my stubbornness prevented me from acknowledging it immediately.

Instead, I tried to start biking again, but saw that my bike handles had been jammed to the side due to the fall. I tried to fix it right there, but couldn’t get the leverage to do so. Then I noticed the blood pouring out of my knee. And the side of my elbow. And my hand. Suddenly aware that people might be around having not seen what happened since no one came rushing to me but see me now, I began feeling like a day late Halloween prank with my shirt all dirty and slight blood stains on it and with my body bleeding out.

I quickly texted Allie “Sorry will be a minute, just slipped”, still refusing to acknowledge that something significant had just happened. I started walking towards Wilbur. And realize, I was only walking because I couldn’t get my handles turned, not because I was bleeding out. I was barely even feeling any pain. On the way there, I managed to turn the handles back then sat on the bike and tried to pedal, to find that the chain had come off during the fall. Grumbling to myself, I instead started kicking forward using my left leg at first despite all of the damage from the fall being on my left side. Again, I didn’t feel that it was that bad.

I walked into Wilbur, seeing Allie, but really just wanting to go to the bathroom to clean up, sort of wanting to hide my bleeding out from everyone and from her. But in the bathroom, I quickly realized that my knee looked real bad and was bleeding a lot and that although it wasn’t a deep wound, it was a large abrasion. I walked out and told her that I wanted to find med stuff to clean up like wipes and such. She suggested maybe the dining people had something, so I figured it was worth a try. The lady at the thing looked not sure what to do and called over the head dude who saw my knee and me walk out immediately and go sit down. He then took Allie with him to get supplies.

I sat there feeling silly. I didn’t want to delay our brunch and just wanted to fix up quick. More lack of acknowledging that it was bad. She came back with stuff and ready to clean me up. And I totally felt that she could and all, but didn’t feel that I wanted to make her go through that. So I decided to go to Vaden, so she wouldn’t. Continuing to apologize, we walked over, I saying that I was fine. We started to catch up on the way. I still bleeding out.

Vaden was empty of patients, so they were able to take me in immediately, and a nurse started cleaning me up. Under a very resilient mindset, I went through the entire process, including a tetanus shot at their suggesting since my last one was ten years ago anyway, very positive and pushing through the sting and pain. I started thinking about all of the positives of this incident. I’m always worried about as a designated WFA person having to deal with abrasion/wounds like this, so this gives me some data on what to do since I watched very carefully the whole process of washing with soap and water and the procedural bruising/head damage checks and such and the bandaging and such.

On top of that, the fall wasn’t as bad as it could have been since it was just surface abrasions, nothing deep, most of the damage due to the friction burn of sliding across the concrete as I lost velocity. Now, I can implement a much more safe biking routine of not risking turns like that or at least slowing down enough to make it less sharp. And I started realizing how fortunate I am to have Vaden like this and healthcare and being able to just walk in and get help.

And...well yeah. I was being very resilient and positive thinking at the time. Which I think says something. I appreciate your resilience and constant reassuring. I’m not sure your priorities are super straight with brunch being your constant focus until you finally decided to go to Vaden. Especially, in terms of if you had hit your head or back or something and getting up isn’t a good idea. But in general, you didn’t let any of it get to you and you stayed super positive the whole time. I do appreciate that. I’ll have to deal with the consequences of the fall for awhile with bandaging and all as healing will likely take a while but push on bro. It seems like CS is more a concern at this point than a “slip.”

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson