A+28. [religious_people], [Spirit], [religion], [church], [sign_from_God]
Sunday 1 February 2015

Dear Good Sir,

Today brought with it some interesting experiences and some progress religiously. I ended up going along with the feelings that I should go to Wyatt’s brunch thing. Plus, I didn’t oversleep this time. I walked over and ended up being the first one there. One thing that struck me upon walking into his place was the Rippingtons music playing. Yes! He listens to them apparently. I had a dumb moment of saying Rick Braun as I didn’t think about it long when I tried to identify what artist, but yeah.

The brunch itself was really awesome though. There ended up being 6 of us total, all from the life group. The actual cooking was nice as cooking is usually always fun anyway. But it was also just fun being around them and such. There was a point that I was saying to myself that the spirit was moving in here. I was just feeling very happy that I was there. And when Ben asked me if I wanted to join them for church after brunch, I felt moved at that point to even say yes.

And I’m glad that I went. It ended up being really great. While the church itself doesn’t necessarily appeal to me 100% just for its slight over-dramatization with the intense lighting and background sounds, the pastor was still good, even if he’s not Glen with his awesome, logical sermons. And again, the message almost felt like it was designed for me specifically. I forget how he worded it, but he said things that ended up for me matching to the protest, for something hard and difficult happening recently. “A trap set by the enemies.”

But instead of seeing it as a bad thing and being unhopeful about it, instead he told us to trust in God using this event as a test for us and for something for us to grow and get something out of. And that we should trust in God making it work out right now, instead of waiting until after God has done it then praising him afterwards. Anyone can do the latter. The former is the thing that really requires faith and can really do things for us. Essentially, we should praise God now for the work that He will do in our lives.

And this makes sense to be honest. I should be hopeful and trusting right now. Sitting here and continuing to be unhopeful and down about it won’t do any good. Especially with how long it might be until there is any sort of closure. And the pastor’s right, I’ve already gotten so much out of it. I’m sure there’s even more growth to be had.

But as I hinted at earlier, this morning really felt like more “signs” even if small. The actually finally going to Wyatt’s which led to feeling inspired to answer yes to the invitation to church after Albert happening to miss his ride to church which led to him asking Ben if he wanted to go to church and drive which in turn led to Ben asking me if I wanted to join them, then the very applicable message during the sermon which hit directly with where I am. I’m still not quite sure where I am or what direction to be heading in, but I’m doing better than after the protest and I feel like I have made some progress since the protest in framing the protest in a better way especially religiously now.

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson


A+29. [sleep], [surprise], [on_the_spot], [social_interaction]
Monday 2 February 2015

Dear Good Sir,

Am I sleep deprived? Already? I don’t know. 110 has been a bit of struggle the past few weeks with staying up, but today was just horrible. I swear Jerry looked right at me at one point, which sure as hell waked me up, but I don’t know for sure, but it just looked like it. And this afternoon trying to study kanji was rough as well. And with 110, I have the slight excuse that I’m not really doing anything but sitting there, taking notes occasionally. But at least with the kanji, I was actively writing them and moving up and down on the computer and such. Why was I getting so sleepy?

I guess this is something more so to go discuss in the monthly analysis *hint hint, nudge nudge*, but my sleep last month wasn’t great, but it wasn’t that bad. I am just unsure how it could be causing such sleepiness. Or maybe it’s me. I don’t know. More on this another time (i.e. the monthly analysis, just wanted to include today’s relevance).

Today at dinner, I had quite a surprise which led to some awkwardness and action or lack of action that I would have done differently in retrospect. I was sitting with David and Saurabh, and at one point, they both got up to get dessert. As I was sitting there, suddenly a person was to my left. Chelsea! I feel like she has a habit of sneaking up on me. Perhaps, I was struck by her beauty, this specific instance.

But she asked if I was sitting with anyone, and I was not sure what to say as yes I was, but I also wouldn’t mind sitting with her, but also we were almost done, and on and on. I just had a bunch of things that I might say and froze up with which one to say, but after a few seconds muttered out that I was sitting with my roommate. It wasn’t that I didn’t want her to sit with us, but that I was worried because we were almost done and I would feel bad leaving her. Eventually, she said, oh I just remembered that I need to do work. It sounded like something fabricated on the spot, but I don’t know.

Again, in retrospect, I would have, one, either invited her to join us and just stay with her after they left as I wouldn’t mind doing that anyway. Or two, after we got up, went and at least joined her for a moment upstairs. But I didn’t. But I feel like I shouldn’t be too hard on myself as much as I want to though. I really don’t have too high a sample size with experiences with these sorts of social interactions. It really is hard for me to do what I actually, especially when I get nervous on the spot like that versus getting to think about it for a moment.

I’m not quite sure what to do to improve my on the spot social interactions. It seems like once I think it through I have a certain action that I’d like to take in a given scenario. But I don’t have time to think when its an ON THE SPOT interaction. And it’s not like I can go through and think about each and every scenario beforehand. The set of scenarios is infinite essentially.

But there probably is some amount of generalization that can occur between scenarios in terms of applying things you realized from one thing to others. So perhaps, some thought about potential scenarios coupled with just trying to gain more experience in general could help? I don’t really know what exactly the thinking about potential scenarios would look like, but it’s something to keep in mind I suppose. Perhaps, also something that could be cultivated to practice in lucid dreams? Sounds good to me.

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson

A+30. [dreams], [monthly_analysis], [Chelsea_stuff], [suffering], [let_go], [Mina_stuff], [where_i_am], [wisdom], [breakfast], [trust]
Tuesday 3 February 2015

Dear Good Sir,

Tonight was an interesting and good night for dreaming. Caitlyn had been there when I went to bed and stayed for awhile. I woke up later in the night, still hearing them talking and focused on being calm about that and focused on recording the dream I just had also noting that it was 4 am. In order to get more sleep, I decided that I wouldn’t run in the morning but in the afternoon and changed my alarm accordingly. She left soon after and and I continued sleeping, and ended up waking up after each cycle for the next few cycles. I even changed my alarm again later on, this time disabling it completely.

After all of this, in total, I got 4 dreams recorded. Which is a huge record for the year and for awhile as I haven’t done anything like this in awhile. By awhile, I mean since back in high school or whenever when I was doing some crazy stuff like 4+ very frequently. But hey, that can happen again. As further inspiration, I ask you to recall that sleep paralysis experience back in October last quarter. That happened here in this room, yes. But the room doesn’t matter either. I just mean that you’ve had recent experiences. On top of the steadily increasing awareness skills of yours.

I’ve been preparing for the monthly analysis the past few days, but as I was about to start writing it tonight, something came up that I just want to write briefly about for the future regarding the monthly analysis in general. Essentially, what I want to point out is that the monthly analysis is intended as just that: an analysis, not a recap. In other words, the point shouldn’t be to list over the important things that happened and list out how things went. For the most part, I can just go back and read over journals and recordings for that. No, the point is to analyze and discuss. So just keep that in mind for the future with these pieces.

Something that has been bothering me since yesterday is regarding Chelsea. I already talked last night about the awkward experience I had and the action, or lack thereof, that I would do differently if I could. But I’ve been feeling bad about it more today, especially after seeing her tonight and not being able to say anything to her because she was on the phone and halfway, almost sensing that something might be up. But it’s hard to tell. I just wish I had gone upstairs last night and talked to her. Plus, she only responds to texts on few occasions. But whatever, it’s all in the past.

Currently, my plan is to wait and see if she responds until Chi Alpha tomorrow night. If not, I’ll look for at Chi Alpha and hopefully do some catching up and schedule a dinner. If I don’t see her because she wasn’t there then I’ll call her later that night and try to check in that way, either leaving a voicemail or another text if she doesn’t answer. If I don’t see her for some other reason then I’ll have to decide how to act depending on that specific scenario as I’m not sure what that would even entail. My biggest priority is just making sure everything’s okay in her life.

In terms of you, dude, though, you need to calm it down. I understand that positive in-person interactions have been the rock from which you were basing how things are, but you can’t just conclude that things aren’t okay from one or two not as positive. And it’s not like the interactions were negative anyway. Today wasn’t really even an interaction per se.

In fact, this isn’t even worth worrying about. Seriously. From a perspective of “courting”, I don’t even have much information to make any sort of conclusion on how things are going. But just in general, courting isn’t even what I am focused on right now. I want to focus on cultivating our friendship. Other stuff can come later if at all.

I do sort of want to apologize about Monday regardless if it’s necessary or not from her perspective, but even with that in mind, I’m not doing that because I am worried about where we are or something. I want to do that because I care and I didn’t like how it went from my side and would have done things differently in retrospect and just want her to know that regardless of what she may have thought.

I was doing some thinking earlier regarding both Chelsea and Mina, and in general, I feel that I am okay with the idea of mentioning how I feel to Chelsea specifically at some point this quarter, but in such a way that doesn’t go down the road of a relationship as I’m not sure that’s the best idea for going into the break. Instead, it’s more so that I want her to be aware of the way I feel, hearing it directly from me, before the break, just so that’s it something that she knows, and how things go later on can be determined later. I also want to tell her from my perspective in terms of holding myself to how I feel right now and not letting necessarily that the hiatus from Stanford push anything away. Or if it does, then I want to hold myself accountable to tell Chelsea that come the fall or whatever.

But I still am not settled on that or when that would even be. In terms of Mina, I am a lot less okay with the idea of saying something this quarter, partly because we are supposed to be writing to each other, but also, all the extra factors in the case of her situation. But again, I’d like to see where the rest of this quarter goes first, before making any sort of decision to action or non-action in regards to both of them.

If worry tries to nag you again, the I implore you to remember the protest. Remember the perspective shift that occurred. The old habits of my mind might still be somewhat stuck in the past, but the train has shifted tracks and soon enough, the caboose will be on the shifted side too. You just gotta keep working to redirect on to the tracks. It’ll take time, but eventually, you’ll get there.

And to end, I just want to point out lovely and wonderful it has been to be going to breakfast at Ricker lately. It reminds me of past times of wonderfulness there. I think last quarter, I set on a conquest to end going to breakfast as much for some reason, but I have been making room for this quarter through the lunch work shifts and swipes not being used in other places which has been giving me time to go to breakfast more often. And it’s just nice. It’s nice to have that time in the morning to both enjoy delicious food and do whatever. I suppose I do miss the company of close friends with breakfast, but that’s hard to arrange unfortunately, and I get to see friends the rest of the day generally anyway.

Continue your nightly prayer and learn to trust in God. I think doing that is something else that can help you with letting go of the worry. God has a plan. And I believe that. Or at least, I’m really moving in that direction. More signs (as defined in the past) would be appreciated and only serve to help boost my trust. Also, just remember like the bible verse from earlier: give to God what belongs to God, i.e. me. You shouldn’t be trying to give yourself to others in the sense of feeling in your mind that you are judging yourself based on other’s measures or based on how they might feel you, etc. This is God’s job and God’s job alone. He’s also my lawyer, so it’s all good, yo.

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson


A+31. [let_go], [coin_flip], [religion]
Wednesday 4 February 2015

Dear Good Sir,

I’ll probably end up writing about this in the monthly analysis (which would be against the point of it being about January, but I think I’ll end up generalizing it…), but all of this Chelsea/Mina stuff has been going up and down, confusion to slight clarity to confusion, etc. And it’s probably going to stay that way. So maybe I shouldn’t spend so much time writing about it all the time and thinking about it all the time. Maybe I should direct that energy elsewhere and let things happen at their natural course.

That doesn’t mean that you can’t do anything in that regards, but just act out of how you are feeling at that time. Maybe this whole coin flip decision making can be a thing. By that, I mean the use of coin flips to make decisions I’m struggling with that I’ve been using as of late, with a few cases in January, and another one today.

A good one today, in fact. I was trying to decide whether I wanted to go to the XA dinner at Lag thing to end the fast that they were doing. The idea had more so entered my mind this afternoon randomly after reading another email about it. Closer to it starting I was considering it more, but could not come to a decision. So I flipped a coin! And it said heads. But the way I was viewing it then, at least, was that God was communicating a decision to me through the coin.

Then I tried to use that again tonight for whether to text Chelsea again, but I ended up not feeling the coin flip. A part of me wanted to say why don’t you just listen to how you feel and make the decision that way. God can communicate directly to you too. I also often find that if a coin flip comes up on one side and it causes disappointment, then you probably should go with the other option.

But maybe combining these things, viewing the coin flip as God’s message, leading to dedication to the coin flip, unless it causes disappointment in which case God probably had it land in that way so that I’d recognize my feelings about it. Perhaps, this might ease some decision making in the near future especially in regards to Mina/Chelsea stuff as I’m not sure how worth it it is to keep directing so much energy to thinking and being confused about it. It’s not going to improve all that much right now by nature as it’s, for the most part, out of my control at the moment until later in time. So let’s just wait. Yo.

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson


A+32. [religious_direction], [where_i_am], [religion]
Thursday 5 February 2015

Dear Good Sir,

I need to be brief, but at the same time, I can’t not write. I’ve gotten some more religious direction today after life group. Part of the problem of why I’ve been a bit confused and lost as of late especially after yesterday’s large group is that I partly feel that I should be farther in my religious journey than I am. Yesterday during the prayer part when Glen was calling out those that are ready to fully believe and such to raise their hands, I really wanted to. Due to my upraising as a Christian, and attending Lovett, and in general, my background with Christianity, I felt that I should be at that point of being ready to raise my hand now. 

But at the same time, I knew that I couldn’t do this because I knew that I’d only be tricking myself to say that I was ready already as I could feel that I wasn’t there. I think this is the cause of my leaving large group and heading to SJEC feeling very confused and annoyed with myself. Why wasn’t I ready yet? I just completely felt like I should be there already. What is up?

That continued today, though behind the scenes as in not really on my mind per se. I went to life group like this. Not at the point of acknowledging what was troubling me. But then, for SOME reason, during life group, the others eventually, after continuing to tangent, followed one of the tangents into this religious argument regarding the Holy Spirit. I just kinda sat back and listened in, not really sure what they were fully talking about.

At some point, someone mentioned something about baptism and then I heard something about physical baptism, i.e. being bathed in water, versus spiritual baptism, i.e. the Holy Spirit entering you. The thought of baptism suddenly brought back that potential first memory of mine of a place like a church and seeing a fountain of water and at some point being in that fountain of water, though it’s hard to tell if I am looking from a third person view at the fountain or if I end up being put in the water.

This memory brought back up some of the thoughts from yesterday about how, well I’ve already been baptized, so what’s wrong with me, why am I not ready? But the distinction between physical and spiritual baptism was discussed more and then the kicker was Astul telling his story of being at the pancakes reach out event and feeling uncomfortable, likely because he hasn’t had his spiritual baptism.

It wasn’t long before it started to occur to me, I haven’t had a spiritual baptism either, have I? And it sounded like the spiritual baptism is more important than the physical one. So in other words, just because I had the physical one doesn’t mean that I should be at some high point in my religious journey right now. In fact, it allows me to be back at some level close to square one. Slowly the pressure to be where I’m not started to go away.

Which is where I am now. I haven’t had my click, aha moment. The spiritual baptism. And that’s what I need to be at that next step that I want to be. I really want to take that next step, but I’m not quite there yet. And until I have that aha moment, when the Holy Spirit enters you, I can’t expect myself to be there. So that’s what I need now, and what I will focus my prayer on. Asking God to help me have that aha moment.

I’m not sure at ALL what having that aha moment would entail. As in what do I need to change in my belief to reach that point, or what do I need to witness, or how big of a sign do I need to receive to reach that point? Maybe it’s a combination of things. Maybe I need to understand more about Jesus and Holy Spirit. I think at this point, I am quite set in my belief in God. It’s the two other Components of the Trinity that I need to get on board with.

And really, I feel pretty on board with the Holy Spirit as I feel like I’ve had enough experiences of witnessing the Spirit in others. Those moments when I can just feel the spiritual energy in the room, when I can see the authenticity of one’s belief. So maybe it’s just Jesus. In which case, rereading more of Mere Christianity and talking to Glen will surely help. I don’t know if this is enough to get my aha, as in maybe I do need another sign, maybe one bigger than either of the two big ones I’ve had previously. These are the things I’ll pray for.

I think you do notice my assumption, or really assumptions, in all of this though. The assumption that I’ll have a spiritual baptism at all. And the assumption that the God that I believe in is capable of bringing this aha to me in addition to being willing to do that, right now at least. And due to the full faith “trial” thing, I am giving God that benefit of the doubt as I think this will help lead me farther down my spiritual journey than if I don’t make this assumption. Because, at this point, the alternative, since I do believe in some higher power, is that the higher power either is not capable of influencing this world or is not willing or does not see a reason to bring me this aha which would lead me down the route of being a devout Christian.

But to be honest, humor me for a moment. Say that the higher power is not capable of influencing this world. Then what are those two signs that I have gotten, hmm? And again, say the higher power is capable but is not willing to help me have my aha. Then, again, why would He have given me those two signs? So to be honest, maybe I can conclude that the higher power, God, that I believe in, does have the capability and is willing to help me down the road towards my aha. Maybe that was the point of those two signs.

I still have a lot of progress to make and steps to take, but that’s perfectly okay. I don’t need to be anywhere else than where I am currently. Because where I am is perfectly okay. I am thankful to have made the huge steps of progress that I have made in the past two months or so. There is something extraordinary and amazing and miraculous about these huge steps I’ve already taken. And once God thinks I’m ready, I’m sure He’ll help me take those next few steps to have my aha and to receive my spiritual baptism. So again, this is what I’m praying for. A sign of some sort or form that will lead me to the aha. Thank you, Lord.

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson


#A+33. [Selma], [crying], [support], [Mina_stuff], [confusion], [religious_direction], [sign_from_God], [don’t_force_it]
Friday 6 February 2015

Dear Good Sir,

We finally saw it: Selma. What a movie. I don’t know if my words can do justice to how great it was. They held absolutely nothing back which really made it so real. So real. I think that’s part of what made this movie such an experience for me, at least. The constant thought that this **** actually happened. People were really beat and killed like this. Oh my.

I think something that really speaks to how impactful of a movie this was for me was that it made me do something that even our, as in the 68+, protest couldn’t get me to do: cry. Mina was crying basically the whole movie which I think put up a shield for me as I felt that I had to hold it together to support her.

But there reached a point that I could just feel the tears coming. It was just so horrible. The things that they did to those poor, innocent humans, only fighting for something that should be their basic right. 

I’m sorry, honestly, this is hard to write about right now. It’s making me sad just thinking about it.

I think it’s also very much the connection that the movie had with our protest or more so the way it really put it into perspective that made the movie even more powerful. Ours just seems so small in comparison. We were so lucky not to have to deal with the things that they had to deal with. Mina put it well when she said that we had to choose between groups for arrest risk; they had to pull straws to determine who’d be leading the group i.e. at the most risk for death. Arrest vs death, hmm…

Speaking of Mina though, although I REALLY don’t feel like writing about Mina stuff or Chelsea stuff anymore or at least for awhile due to all of the energy that I’ve spent on it this quarter, I should say a short thing. Early on in the movie, she took my hand and we supported each other through it with hands squeeze and the like especially in those really rough to watch parts. Which obviously caused those feelings from the past to surface again.

In a different perspective at least. I was being more aware of what they mean and how I felt about them. But it’s still weird for me. I know it was all mostly for support, but still. I can’t ignore the way I feel as it’s things like this that make it real clear to me.

But I don’t know what to do or understand it all. I’m still so confused. Which is why I don’t really want to even give the time of day to these feelings at the moment. Even if I felt a desire to speak my mind, for her own sake, I just couldn’t do that right now because of all the Dan stuff at the moment, which reached a climax leading to breakup last night apparently. I just want to be there for her right now.

So confusion goes on.

I’ve gotten some more clarity Christianity-wise today though. After a magical morning of completely happening to run into Alex and then Eyosias too at breakfast, when I just happened to go to Lagunita after changing from not wanting to go to breakfast to wanting to go to Arrillaga to wanting to go to Lagunita. Just another weird sort of thing. But I talked about my feelings last night spirituality to Alex which after hearing what he said about Glen and back when Alex was first becoming a Christian, I was inspired to go talk to Glen today.

And Eyosias, after talking about how he thinks physical baptism is actually more important, unpromptedly talked about how we must be patient for the Lord to move in us and provide those big religious experiences for when He thinks we are ready and all. So many things speaking to where I am. And all of this because I just happened to go to Lagunita for once and they were there.

Talking to Glen led to even more direction and understanding as I really do see now that I shouldn’t expect myself to be where I’m not. But beyond that, for one thing, faith is a spectrum, not a binary answer of yes I believe or no I don’t. It’s more of a percentage that is slowly updated over time like a Bayesian network. Often times, the moment when people are really to confess their faith is after a shift has occurred in more belief than not, but often you don’t notice the shift until later after it has already happened.

He suggested that I don’t force myself and more so wait until I think that I’m ready. But also cautioned that I shouldn’t wait and wait for myself to try to be at 100% belief or something as that’s not the point as the journey starts before then. Knowing that you’re ready is not super easy to tell per se, but it might just end up being a shift sort of thing than some big aha moment, especially since I am not usually a person driven largely by emotions, so I shouldn’t expect emotions to be at the forefront of knowing that I’m ready.

Also, when I do feel that I’m ready, belief with one’s self is important an all, but the big step to becoming Christian is confessing this belief to others. At life group or just with Glen or whenever. Lots to process really. I still partly feel that I’m somewhat ready, but I still feel like I need to have some sort of click whether it’s a big aha sort of thing or not.

Seeing how driven by Christianity Dr. King was surely encourages me though. Don’t force anything though, bro. Let’s be patient. God will help me keep taking steps, and will help me take that bigger step once I’m ready.

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson

#A+34. [SJEC]
Saturday 7 February 2015

Dear Good Sir,

SJEC is off to a good start. I look forward to really getting to know these students. They all seem really cool off the bat. I’m especially looking forward to Monterey and Tahoe. Until then though, I got some more pushing to do in terms of CS110. It might be tiny, but it’s still a decent little shell to implement. Wish me luck.

I apologize for the lack tonight of stuff, but I don’t much feel like writing at the moment. I’m fine I suppose, but yeah, I just don’t have much to write about at least that’s sticking out. More another time.

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson



#A+35. [weird], [it_happened], [Mina_stuff], [Chelsea_stuff], [sick]
Sunday 8 February 2015

Dear Good Sir,

This morning was SO WEIRD. Something that I thought about a few weeks ago of something that could potentially happen, as in, technically speaking, a series of events could unfold this way, but it should probably be pretty unlikely. Well guess what, it actually happened. Let me set it up. Last night, Mina asked before going out for her walk if I had brunch plans, and I said nope because I didn’t. I got up this morning and took the meal cards (mail carts) over to the orientation so they’d have them, then came back to Potter as a downpour was beginning.

Eventually, after Mina got up, we went over to brunch. This is the moment. I wonder if you can guess what came next. As I was getting food, guess who I spotted. Nope, not a false alarm this time: it was Chelsea. She looked quite worn out, which I imagined immediately was because of the simulation of the past few days for her. We talked for a moment, then she asked those words: I can sit with you? After last time’s awkward moment and feeling bad, I was resolved this time to just say yes immediately, as I had already at this point down the heuristic of the mental calculations of whether this is what I want in general. Despite the predicament that I knew was only a matter of minutes from happening...

After walking over to another area, I started laughing so hard to myself as I couldn’t believe what was happening. God has quite the sense of humor, I thought at the time. I avoided the matter at hand for as long as possible, but eventually had to walk into the seating area. I wasn’t very unsure whether I should tell Chelsea that maybe now’s not the best time, since I wasn’t sure if Mina wanted to talk privately after last night or what. 

I walked over to get some sun butter just as Chelsea did. After I got some as she was still standing there, I turned around to look for Mina. She saw me and waved over. Feeling that I should say something to Chelsea, I turned around as if I needed to get something else first. But I didn’t even know what to say, so I just walked over to where Mina was. Then asked if it’s okay if a friend of mine joins us, as I nervous fell on the floor laughing within my mind at the situation at hand.

Before long, Chelsea turned around to look for where I went and was about to sit down as if saying, let’s sit over here, then saw that I was sitting down at another table with someone, so she walked over. I introduced one to the other (honestly, I’m trying to remember who I introduced to who as in, whose name I actually said, as I felt like the other said her own name afterwards. I cannot say for certain, but I think I said Chelsea’s name to Mina, probably since Chelsea was coming second and not the other way around).

After the initial thing of Mina asking Chelsea how she knew me and then Chelsea asking the same (in which my instinctive, ridiculous thought was that they were probing each other out, like who is this other girl in Marcus’ life; hahaha), there was a slight uncomfortable pause, at least for me as I found myself unable to think of something to say as I felt like I should start a conversation that they could both participate in as so I wasn’t singling out one of them. Which left me starting to get immensely uncomfortable and nervous. I was still just in shock at what was happening to begin with.

But I just had to do my best to keep my hands from shaking and went ahead and asked Chelsea about the simulation as I literally didn’t know what else to do, feeling that it was the safer route then bringing up the break-up without permission. Conversation actually started to pick up between them especially they starting to get to know each other, slightly quickly in my opinion, which probably says something to the type of people they both are as very open and sharing people. What makes me say this was that Chelsea talked openly about the simulation, then later on Mina talked openly about the break-up, and follow up questions and such being asked by each other. Needlessly to say, this was a REALLY REALLY weird moment for me, but at the same time sort of nice seeing them actually be pretty real with each other right in front of me (part of me felt stupidly nervous though when Mina was talking about the break-up as I wondered if Chelsea might think for a moment that it was me, but that wouldn’t make much sense anyway as why would I be sitting here with her then).

Things became actually pretty smooth from there and some time passed with someone else joining the table too, then Chelsea got up, sort of early in the scheme of things, saying she needed to go work. At after which she left, things toned down a bit for me. Or so I thought. Not long after, my stomach, which was feeling very hungry before I came to brunch, turned from that hungry feeling to a hard, uncomfortable feeling. It wasn’t quite nausea, but at the same time, I felt like it could possibly go that direction with time. 

I tried to keep eating for some reason, I guess feeling that I should eat more if I want to feel better in general, more so regarding my nose. But eventually it got to a point that I didn’t feel comfortable continuing to sit there as I didn’t want it to turn to nausea and throw up in the dining hall of all places. Plus, I knew that if I could make it up to my room, even if I did start feeling nauseous, that with my skills, I could probably continue my years-long streak of avoiding vomiting.

Mina could tell pretty quickly that I wasn’t feeling good, so I elaborated making it clear that it wasn’t nausea though, then proceeded to head up to my room. I didn’t feel like climbing up into bed, so I decided to go with the easier thing of taking my sleeping pad and just lying on the floor. And I rested while listening to the lovely music of wind and rain outside. After a bit it started to pass, and I was feeling better, so I came out of it okay.

I’m still left wondering why this happened (as in this latter thing, haha; I guess the former was going to happen inevitably). The easy thing for me to try to point my finger at would be the sicky state that I woke up in. Except it wasn’t that bad. And I biked all the way to and back from Old Union this morning before any of this happened, so I feel like if I had this stomach discomfort coming, then I probably wouldn’t have been able to do that biking.

Which leaves me wondering if it had something to do with the former event...that event that I thought was really unlikely? Maybe I was just REALLY uncomfortable and nervous from that happening and the build up to that happening that my stomach just couldn’t handle food being dropped in on it on top of that. Or maybe a combo the two?

Any amount with the latter is a bit scary though. I’m not sure I’ve had something like that happen before and to think that if it was mostly mental leading to physical symptoms then wow. Or maybe that says how nervousness and fear that caused me. But it didn’t turn out so bad did it? So let’s not feel that way about that happening in the future, yeah? Cool.

Just so you know, by the way, the going back and forth between them two continues. And believe me, it’s not on purpose. I just keep going back and forth interaction after interaction with them. I have reached a point of toning down this happening with Mina so much, but it still happens to some extent. Which is helped by Mina telling me things like her father remembers me and likes me, for whatever reason, as I honestly cannot remember really talking to him that much that time he visited Arroyo. And nice walks through wonderful atmosphere and environment of the lake at night, filled with water, strong gusts of wind blowing through the trees causing a melody of sound as well as blowing ripples across the lake water, all at the same time as tons and tons of frogs ribbiting an incoherent song across the expanse of the lake. 

But I digress. And I still don’t want to really talk about this stuff due to the endless going back and forth that has been occurring up to this point. So yeah. Come back in a few…(insert the correct unit of time here).

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson






Monday 9 February 2015


#A+36. [life_is_good], [excited]
Tuesday 10 February 2015

Dear Good Sir,

I wanna keep this brief as I want to sleep soon, but I wanted to write something. I’m doing pretty well right now to be honest. I am just really enjoying life right now. Despite all of the rush and busyness today. The people that I am so fortunate to interact with in the many, many circles that I have somehow exposed myself to are so just wonderful. I feel blessed to be honest. There are just so many cool people around.

And don’t even get me started about Kyoto next quarter. I am SO excited. I’m not even gonna list exhaustively as I know I could, but JAPAN for months on top of practicing Japanese nearly 24/7 on top of getting to meet and see again lots of nihonjin that I am getting to know now or have met in the past. It’s gonna be sweet. Keep praying for the protest stuff to work out well to allow me to go to Kyoto without hinderance. This is certainly one of the things in my life that I could argue I actually NEED to do. But yeah. KYOTO!!!

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson

#A+37. [staying_awake]
Wednesday 11 February 2015

Dear Good Sir,

I may have solved the staying awake problem which has been plaguing me for years upon years, i.e. the problem of not being able to stay awake in lectures, presentations, etc. I’ve tried all sorts of things in the past from to inflicting pain, raising limbs, and other absurd things. But nothing has worked reliably or brings with it other problems. But I think I have a reliable and solely positive solution. Sitting up. As in not sitting back in the seat. As in making an effort to sit up and keep your back straight. Yeah. It’s that simple. 

I just randomly instinctively found myself doing it this evening at a presentation/talk thing when I resolved at the beginning that I really needed to stay awake for this. My immediate response to this resolve was sitting up straight. As if I already knew that this was the solution or something. I feel like a lot of the time we do know what is the solution to certain problems we experience or face, but we don’t consciously realize that we know it until after we’ve automatically dished out the solution. Anyways, I’ll try it out more in the future to see if this actually works.

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson

#A+38. [stressed], [too_busy]
Thursday 12 February 2015

Dear Good Sir,

I must implore you, good sir. You need to look after yourself more so. Today was never easy. But was not made any easier by all of the other things going on today that you were trying to deal with. Basically, all the Tahoe stuff. Sure, progress is good, but I feel like I spent way too much time and energy on it today and started getting really stressed especially with not feeling that I was getting anywhere with studying.

Honestly, I don’t know how I got into this hole, especially without realizing that I’ve been in it until this quarter. The hole of WAY too much extracurricular commitment. I understand that this has been a lot of your community and identity at Stanford. But somehow, I’ve been convinced for quite awhile that doing two major clubs was somehow necessary or something or expected even. Yeah, I made a good decision in dropping Splash, but then I just added SJEC right in.

But it’s also just hard when everything’s so cool and awesome, and you wanna do everything. And I have to be thankful that I am at least fully aware of the entire doing way too much hole that I’ve dug. And I have big plans to change that for next year. I just wish I could do more this quarter knowing how burnt out and being dragged along I am right now. But I don’t see much that could be done, besides maybe trying to get out of Tahoe. But I’m not sure how that could work at this point.

I have a lot more I wanna write about, but no time at the moment, so look for more tomorrow. Monterey soon too!

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson


#A+39. [game_design]
Friday 13 February 2015

Dear Good Sir,

My game design mind has been going off a good bit as of late for some reason, but I certainly like it. One thing that I was thinking about today during the car ride to Monterey was about a game focused on flow. By flow, I mean some sort of game of having to navigate through something, for example traffic as a car driver, while looking out for openings and patterns and the such. I often do this in real life when navigating through a crowd of people, generally all walking in the same general direction, and I’ll look for the quickest routes through the crowd which I often view through creating vector arrows in my vision which suggest the best route to take at any given moment.

As I watched Michael’s driving, who seems to like bobbing and weaving through traffic, changing lanes very often, I started viewing this driving as a flow problem with him looking forward in traffic looking for openings and the like and changing lanes accordingly. This particular problem seemed somewhat simplified to me compared to navigating through a crowd for example, since there are a numbered amount of lanes for cars to be in instead of the lack of order that a crowd generally is. I’m not necessarily sure that this means that it is simpler to navigate or solve though.

I started thinking again about how I could make a game like this and what it would look like or involve. I could see a car driving game like this I suppose of either literally driving through traffic and trying to avoid things and perhaps either being timed explicitly or implicitly through things chasing you that if you don’t avoid lead to a loss.

But then, I had the most wonderful revelation. Games of flow already exist. A lot of them. In fact, there’s a whole GENRE that are exactly games of flow: bullet hell games. Yeah. Think about it. The whole point of a bullet hell game is to navigate through a world of moving obstacles while looking for patterns to stay in the clear. And the way to lose is built right into it through the things that you are flowing and navigating through are also what kills you. It’s absolutely brilliant. I might have to actually give bullet hell games more of a try now as I think they might be EXACTLY the sort of game that I’ve been trying to envision for awhile now.

My only reservation of whether bullet hell games really fit the bill of the sort of flow game that I’d like to see and play is regarding whether their 2D nature is the right fit. I almost feel like the sort of thing that I am looking for would be 3D. Though I guess when you think about it though, navigating a crowd or traffic is still essentially 2D since you’re only really moving in 2 planes: forward/backward and left side/right side. If anything, it’s the viewpoint that is different in navigating a crowd versus the top down birdseye view of playing a bullet hell game since the former is more so only able to see as far as things in front of you don’t block your view. The latter is only limited in what’s not on the screen so far.

I’ll have to get back to you on that one. My initial thought is that they are two different things and that while bullet hell games might actually turn out to be really cool, my idea is different and something that I probably want to try to make. Maybe a first person view bullet hell game?

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson



Saturday 14 February 2015

Sunday 15 February 2015

#A+40. [disconnection], [SOOP], [SJEC], [good_times]
Monday 16 February 2015

Dear Good Sir,

I am tired and in need of sleep. But I feel I should write especially after this weekend. Before I get to that, I feel I should write about something that came to my attention again this evening. My disconnection from SOOP. I think this began last month along with the general disconnection that I had with just about everything in my life from the events surrounding the protest.

However, as you know, I’ve sort of moved forward from that disconnection, at least to some extent in a good number of areas. But this is one of those areas that I have not quite returned to where I am. I just felt at lost with being in SOOP. I haven’t really felt like being there the past few weeks at all. I feel like being a part of SOOP at the moment is not productive for me at the moment essentially.

I think it’s mostly a disconnection from the root reasons for why I want and wanted to be a part to begin with. I think it’s been so long since I’ve been on a trip and really see these things in play that I’ve sort of forgot. I did have that school visit, but that’s probably not quite the same.

I think another thing that is causing disconnection still is my awareness and realizations regarding my extracurriculars and time commitments. And reaching the conclusion that I don’t want to take a leadership role in SOOP next year. But it’s hard to not internalize this as not wanting to have a leadership role right now when my current commitment hasn’t ended yet. 

I think it’s also the contrast of SJEC and the really awesome Monterey trip that I am coming back from. To focus on the trip for a little bit. A few highlights would be the kayaking for one. I partnered with Erina which ended up great, especially since I didn’t even have to make a quick effort in asking her to partner with me. It was more of a, shouting out hey I still need a partner and seeing basically only her respond.

The kayaking was really great in itself. It required some real coordination and teamwork between us to make it work with the timing and speed of the strokes and such. Besides the actual kayaking part, it was also just nice spending that isolated time out there with her. She is definitely a really cool person, and I am happy that SJEC won’t be the end of seeing her for now with her being in Kyoto and the president of CASK and all.

Kayaking is certainly an activity that could be used as a romantic activity just for the isolation it brings to the two people together. And this is with going kayaking out with several other pairs which shows just how powerful of an isolation it is. It’s just really easy to distance yourself from the other kayaks and be out essentially alone, far from land and other human beings. So it just feels like you are the only ones out there on the water. It’s cool.

Another highlight would certainly be the hanging out in Carmel that afternoon and evening when I and a few of the other officers and two participants were semi-stranded, or more so left waiting for pickup for awhile, the day being saved by the MVP, David. But the bonding time with the other officers was really nice. These people are really cool and it is especially cool to be getting to know them and actually feel that I am a part of the group instead of always feeling on the sidelines with these sort of things.

Helped along with the weekend’s events such as the hike, bonfire, and dance party, I also actually feel like I am really starting to get to know and grow close to some of the participants which is also really contributing to my real connectedness with SJEC right now. I am actually truly excited to spend time with them on campus right now which is a huge success and good thing. And I am slowly discovering how such awesome people each and every one of them are which just feels me up. I could see myself legitimately missing them by the end of the program to a real significant extent which is in slight contrast to other programs in the past.

Which is a big part of why SJEC might be leading to some of my disconnection with SOOP as I am seeing the wonderfulness that SJEC is bringing in and realizing that I’m not entirely sure that I can get this same fulfillment from SOOP. Which might just be a product of SOOP not being able to provide these things for me in the sense that it isn’t quite the right fit. I think I am better able to connect with international students versus high schoolers for a number of reasons.

But at the same time, I don’t know that for sure. There’s a certain special connection that I have with SOOP and the time of youth that we work with. I think at least. I know these students aren’t coming from the exact same background or anything. But it’s certainly similar especially from the perspective of where I was in regards with backpacking and not having any exposure to it previously.

So I will continue to try to restore my connectedness with SOOP. It’s still out there I’m sure. SOOP is SOOPer awesome in all.

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson



#A+41. [disconnection], [religion], [journey], [bible_study]
Tuesday 17 February 2015

Dear Good Sir,

So that disconnection that I wrote about last night. SOOP is not the only thing that disconnection has been occurring for. Also for my religious journey. I don’t really think it occurred to me until tonight at the bible study that this disconnection was here. It just didn’t dawn on me before that. But upon walking into the room late and trying to join into the passage reading, I suddenly found myself totally lost for this process and why I was there at all.

At a certain point after entering though, they stopped to do an activity in which we wrote on a notecard about where we are about Jesus right now and Christianity. It took me a while to formulate into words how I was feeling, but I basically proceeded to write about the disconnection to some extent, but even more so, the lack of congruence between my thoughts and my feelings.

I may have written about this a few weeks ago about how a lot of the things about Jesus that I’ve heard and read and discussed lately makes sense to me intellectually, especially the stuff from Mere Christianity. But I’ve had a lack of really FEELING that I believe all of this, but instead it’s been stuck at the higher level of thoughts rather than that of the deeper feeling level.

They asked to pray for me after I explained everything. Which I was initially hesitant about, especially since I didn’t want to just suddenly come in late and then hijack the focus of the bible study. But I suppose, one, it’s not that I’m hijacking it and, two, it’s not like I came in there demanding their attention and energy. They were being so kind as to offer it up to me themselves which is a gesture that I really have to appreciate. After hearing their prayers and doing some thinking myself, I could feel the disconnection starting to dissipate a good bit and could sort of feel myself returning to where I was a week or so ago.

I think patience is the key thing with this process of changing the feeling level as it probably isn’t so quick to change that part of me, especially when this part of me has been getting built and conditioned over the past several several years of my life. I can’t just change something like that in a few weeks or a few months even really. It’ll take some time. But at the same time, they’re right in that I can’t just sit back and wait for it to happen. The proactiveness that I’ve been taking this quarter is important to making these changes, and I have to keep this up whether that means going to fellowship stuff or just taking time to pray on my own. Let’s keep the momentum going.

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson



Wednesday 18 February 2015

#A+42. [relationships], [romantic_interactions], [food_for_thought]
Thursday 19 February 2015

Dear Good Sir,

So some time last week, I had an experience that has left me in even more deep thought about relationships and such then even earlier in the quarter. It was a result of meeting another interesting girl. When it comes down to it though, it’s less about her and more about how I acted around here. 

Essentially, I went to late night with David and he invited a freshman from ASES named Divya. But the key thing here is the mood that I was in when we headed out for late night before she was even there or before I knew she was coming. I just wasn’t giving a crap at all. I’m not entirely sure why I was in this mood; maybe because I was looking forward to the future and didn’t feel like anything right now really mattered towards that, so I could get away with not caring for once instead of caring so much all the time.

So once Divya joined us, I was still being this way and as a result was really playing off of David more than I normally would around a stranger. But what made this so interesting was that she was playing off of it too which made me play off of her too and it just became an amazing experience where by the end, I felt that my true self was shining out when normally I am censoring it down so hard.

There was something in the interactions with her and David that was making me curious. Something with the interactions with her. Something that I’m not sure if I see in my interactions with Chelsea or Mina or any other girl for that matter. By that I mean, I feel there might be something more real in my interaction with Divya than in my interactions with other girls. More specifically, despite how comfortable in my skin that I have become around Mina and Chelsea and others, there’s still some amount of censoring that goes on.

At heart, I am a troll. I’ll do almost anything for the sake of humor. Except where censoring stops this. But when my true self shines through, like I think it did back that fateful night of late night, my true trolling self is cannot be stopped. And it’s a good thing when I look at it. I feel like I must be so fun when I’m like this. A certain fun-ness that is loss in the large to small amounts of censoring that I often am applying on myself, generally without consciously doing so either.

So this raises the question of whether there’s something in the interaction with Divya that is of some greater absolute value than the things that I might find valuable in dating others. Which is crazy when you think about how set I was on Chelsea. How much I thought that must be the perfect thing. Flags are suddenly thrown up. Maybe there’s something even better?

There are a few other issues though which jumping on this boat though either way, I don’t necessarily mean that I’d be interested in Divya per se. The biggest thing is that there was only one interaction. I am basing any and all of this on that one interaction. Maybe it’s all a fluke. Maybe I was just in a weird spot that night and acted that way. Maybe I wouldn’t act that way around her again or at least not immediately. Since my true trolling self does begin to show as I become comfortable around people.

Or maybe there’s something else. Either way, I am interested in gathering more info, or in other words, trying to hang out with her again. Which is honestly not that hard to make happen. Which goes into the fact that I feel like there’s some agency going on here somewhere within the interactions that I’ve had with her, with the one in-person experience, but also with all of the Facebook messaging we’ve done over the past week or so. I feel like something is up. Like people are up to something in the background. Specifically maybe David.

But at the same time, I tend to read into things too much so who knows. Regardless, I’m gonna focus on cultivating and keeping this potential wonderfulness in my true self shining with future interactions with Divya. And I will continue to ponder whether this potential “chemistry” is even more important than the “cosmicness” that I had been seeing with Chelsea. 

I also talked to Ray-Ray about it. He couldn’t give a definite answer, but raised the other side of the argument that I don’t feel like I had been considering much. That maybe it’s okay to act differently or censor yourself around some others. Many people do that. They act one way around one group of friends and another around others. I certainly do that.

Though my argument against that is that I feel like one’s true self shines in the same way in the interactions with each group of friends. While some things may change regarding your interaction with each group, there’s probably something innate that’s staying the same. So why not bring that innate, true thing out as much as possible in a romantic relationship? Or maybe that’s also not necessary. I don’t know. This is all confusing. Anyway, this doesn’t change much regarding my policies for the rest of the quarter. I’m coming to Kyoto, so starting something probably ain’t smart. Yo. So yeah. More another time.

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson



#A+43. [passion], [life_joy], [skiing], [mental_determination], [perseverance]
Saturday 21 February 2015

Dear Good Sir,

I have discovered a new passion today, as well as revealing to myself how powerful my mind can be when I really use it very consciously well. Today was our visit to Tahoe with SJEC. I originally was planning not to go the mountain itself for skiing, but due to an error on my part with telling someone we could refund his ticket since they didn’t want to go, I ended up just taking his ticket instead. Boy, am I glad that happened.

I rode up the lift to the slopes remembering my previous experience with skiing and all the falling and fear that it involved. I knew that I should probably stick with the other beginners for now until I could become more accustomed. I ended up going around with Atsu, him trying to help me figure it out. At a certain point, I realized that people could tell me all of the secrets of skiing, but that wouldn’t help me much right now. What I needed to do was just practice, practice, practice.

So I sucked up resistance against falling and just kept going at it. And going at it. And I fell. A lot. Hell, over the course of the day I had to have fallen over 50 times if not even more. But each time I fell down, in a sense, I was a bit happy. Each fall signified improvement. I began to embrace falling. And to a humorous point, At a certain point, to show just how much I was falling, I realized that I was learning how to get up from falling REALLY well. I found the angle relative to downhill that I should position myself then I picked myself up and was back on my feet/skies just like that.

We were at the same place as last year, so I already knew the initial really “easy” slope, with all of its horrible crowdness and extra anxiety caused by people passing around you left and right, even if it isn’t necessarily steep. Thankfully, we decided to go to another one of the green easy slopes that was a bit longer, but still along the same difficulty. What an important moment of the day in leading to my development. Or at least, providing a better environment for my development.

This particular slope, called Maggie’s, had a few steep moments and two scary curves as well as a narrow part towards the end. Despite all of this, especially the first time, I immediately noticed a significant less amount of people in comparison to the other slope. Beyond this, during my first run on this slope, I finally started to pick up on something VERY important for learning, control, certainly the biggest thing that I was struggling with and the thing that was keeping me from being able to successfully ski since it was causing me to lean to the side on purpose and fall whenever I felt I couldn’t control my speed.

What I began to notice was actually how to do the pizza crust thing. I had been taught about that from the start, but it wasn’t until around now that I actually started realizing how it was done. The nuance was that beforehand I wasn’t really pressing weight down into the ski to help dig it into the snow to create friction to slow down. Beacuse of starting to pick up how to do this properly, my first run of Maggie’s went quite well in comparison to any run I had done previous because, although as a result I was going very slow, I was able to be constantly applying the breaks which led to some control. My panicking whenever I felt like I was losing control continued, but that would soon dissolve.

My excitement after that first run with finally starting to pick up on something is shown in my large disappointment at the fact that we were going to take a lunch break now. I just wanted to get back on the slopes and do run after run, so I could keep getting better. Which is what happened after lunch. It certainly still wasn’t easy. Still lots of falling and moments of feeling that I was regressing. But overall, definitely large amounts of improvement.

In fact, I am still QUITE shocked by the amount of improvement I showed over the course of the day. After lunch when I started doing runs with Yuma, I kept working and pushing and improving until a point when I decided to start going for the goal of completing the run without falling. Yeah. That is a big deal for the sheer absurdity that it sounded to me at the time and even now just because of how much I was falling at the start.

What became even crazier than actually completing this goal was what I started trying for after this. I started trying to become comfortable with speed. Speed. The thing that had me panicking and falling over on purpose hours before. I reached the point by my last run of feeling not only comfortable with speed, but actually very much seeking out speed to the extent of my speed-loving nature when biking. 

I’m still not quite sure how I pulled off this vast improvement over the course of the day, though there is one thing that I think vastly contributed to the process which was the very conscious use of my mind in getting better. The whole day, I was being very conscious and particular in focusing my mind on dissolving the pieces of fear that I had regarding the different parts of skiing that was causing me a lot of anxiety, for example, people passing me left and right or not wanting to go too close to the edge.

Whenever a situation came up that I could feel was causing me anxiety, I would tell myself that it’s okay and something pertinent to that situation and why it was okay  For example, in terms of fearing the edge whether being too close or on turns, I would just tell myself that I personally would NOT let you go over the edge or anything. This constant reassurance and focus on dissolving anxiety over these triggers came to be very effective in reducing the anxiety.

I also was just making a conscious effort to push myself outside of my comfort area in terms of pushing the limits of my comfort, so maybe practicing more with going slightly faster, etc. I think this was another element that really helped as it caused me to never just stay where I was, but gave me something to improve on every run. And by the end of the day, on that last run, I took my need for speed and combined it with the earlier goal to do the whole run without falling. And I succeeded with flying colors. 

Outside of this newfound passion, I also have a very good example under my belt of how powerful and useful the mind can be when you put it to careful, conscious utilization. I was able to overcome fear today through this and determined perseverance. This gives me the courage to continue to make some of the changes that I have been cultivating as of late and in re-doubling my efforts in overcoming other fears.

But yes, generalization aside, by the end of the day, I found myself obsessed with this activity called skiing. I literally want to go skiing again as soon as possible. There’s just something about skiing that I never seen any other activity that I’ve taken part in, not even biking. There’s something in the intersection of the high speeds, fun manuvering and closeness to the ground. In fact, I think it really has to do with that closeness. You really are on the ground and really feel all the bumps and everything, even more to an extent than I‘d say on a bike. You’re just right there and can get lots and lots of speed and manuever like crazy. It’s beautiful.

So needless to say, I am going to be making a very concerted effort to go skiing in the future as much as possible. In all honesty, this current obsession with skiing that I am feeling right now may even reach the point of affecting my decision of where to live in the future. I am TOTALLY down with living in a cold environment if that means regular skiing. That’s just how much I think I want to ski in the future. I couldn’t be more thankful to being exposed to it and being granted the ability to recognize its wonderfulness through improvement in my skiing skills today. Here’s to years and years and years more of skiing!

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson


#A+44. [sympathy], [romantic_interactions], [confusion]
Wednesday 25 February 2015

Dear Good Sir,

I think I have noticed this before, but I am not sure that I’ve written about it. It occurred to me again last night that I have intense sympathy for other human beings. When I say intense sympathy, I mean crazy amounts. In fact, it’s to such an extent that I question whether it’s a good thing or not due to the fact that, when I sympathize with someone but feel that there’s nothing that I can do to help them in whatever it is that they are going through, I tend to feel intense distress. I just feel so bad when I see others suffering, so I really REALLY want to do something to help them, but often times there’s nothing I can do which just makes me feel worse.

This came up last night when Seina was upset about something and was talking to some of the participants in Japanese about it. At a certain point, I was standing in a circle with her and a few others and they talked away in Japanese about it, and all I could do was just stand there and suffer in my lack of Japanese ability to follow the conversation. I picked up words here and there and tried to put something together from it, knowing it had something to do with Kengo and Mizuki, but realizing later on in the night that my pieced together theory was wrong.

But the theory part aside even, I got the feeling that even if I knew what was going on, I’d still not really be able to do anything to help. Which is just a horrible feeling for me. I just can’t stand this. Helplessness to friends sucks. 

I’m not really sure what can be done about this if anything, but I just wanted to point it out and write about it at least. Maybe bringing more awareness to this part of me might help me do something about it. Or maybe it’ll at least reveal something to me about my deeper self which may be important in decisions later or something. I don’t know. Awareness is always good though.

And the other thing that I’d like to write about tonight is totally in the opposite direction in terms of mood. It has been growing more and more in my attention that I am probably not going to be having any simplicity in my love life right now. Or in terms of options. In fact, my options seem to be growing exponentially as the quarter continues. The wide range of options that I have right now (or at least, that I am assuming that I have) simply astounds me. I guess it’s just that I’m not used to such things.

But you need to get used to it, bro! This is how it is now. I have changed and therefore my life has changed with me. I think one of the biggest changes that has led to what is taking place here is the confidence that I have for myself now. Confidence in a wide avenue of areas. I think it really shines out somehow despite the fact that I certainly don’t feel like I’m trying to exude it. It must have a very tangible effect on my exterior presence and aura.

I don’t really want to list out these options in respect to these women and the fact that they aren’t objects to be listed out in such a way. Something that is starting to emerge as a factor that just can’t ignore in terms of romantic interest in general would be the chemistry sort of stuff that I discussed a few journals ago in terms of interactions. 

Beyond what I said before, it has rose up even more to my attention due to the fact that I have discovered someone else besides Divya that seems to be falling into the boat of someone that is bringing out the true me pretty easily. Or that I’m in general having real and fun interactions with. Which would be the one who seems like a bit too much to me though: Erina. It was Monday that this “chemistry” came to my attention on the walk back from Jerry when I did an initial instigation of messing with her which led to a long chain of it that was extraordinarily reciprocated back by both of us and has continued since then to the point of continuation over messaging and such. Which is interesting to say the least.

But then there’s still Chelsea who I saw today which reminded me of her presence and all and leaves me wondering about this whole options thing and also the chemistry thing. Is there something in my interactions with Erina and Divya that is preferred or better than my interactions with Chelsea. I still feel a bit joke-y and such with Chelsea, but it’s certainly not the same way. I feel like I’m still censoring my troll nature with her, especially when I look at how I interact with the others. 

But I don’t know. It’s all confusing as usual. I don’t really expect any clarity. Instead, I’ll just keep going through, enjoying the options that I think I have, and eventually taking a shot and seeing what happens. It is all about the exploration, you know.

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson


#A+45. [stressed], [overwhelmed], [too_busy], [inspiration], [storytelling], [wisdom]
Thursday 26 February 2015

Dear Good Sir,

Gah. Dude. Please. PLEASE. Don’t EVER let me get this overwhelmed at school with non-academic stuff again. This is absurd. Two extracurriculars at pivotal points at the same time on top of lots of schoolwork is crazy. I understand that it’s not always like this, but the risk of this happening is bad enough, to be honest, to the point of me wanting to lower commitments aggressively in the future in order to avoid this happening at all. And this is with a minimal academic load (or sort of, if 110 can ever be included in something that’s minimal).

I guess a lot of it is, indeed, the procrastination, brought on a lot by the existence of SJEC right now. But it’s also just my work ethic and productivity too. I’ve seen any of them today and I still wouldn’t say that I’ve been more productive than in past days. I guess another part of is that I just don’t really want to do what I’m supposed to be doing, at a deep level. As in, more specifically, there’s other work that I’d rather dive myself into right now, such as game design or Japanese or other interests of mine.

As you know though, I definitely have very intentional plans not to let extracurricular overload occur in the future. Unfortunately for the club, during my senior year, I think I will be having to distance myself from SOOP. I believe I am okay with SJEC due to it’s lack of commitment for the most part in the fall and lack in the spring. It’ll much lighter than say, being co-president of SOOP or something. And in terms of religious groups, I’m definitely not going to rope myself into feeling I have to go weekly to the big groups and if I get involved in a small group which I probably wouldn’t mind, I’ll make sure it’s one and ONLY one. Not three…

In terms of future ambitions though, after today, I am moving more and more towards being set on game design. This inspiration came from learning about Takehiko Inoue, the artist and writer of the manga Slam Dunk and Vagabond among other things. I am researching him for my Japanese class project. 

It was especially a documentary that revealed how amazing an individual and creator and storyteller he is. The documentary was extraordinary and really followed him in his process of creating his manga, mostly regarding Vagabond since that’s what he was working on when the reporter was there. I think I have fallen in love with the idea of this whole process of creating a story. There’s just something about it that appeals so much to be about spending so much time and thought and energy and life on a piece of art. I want to do this.

There are a few takeaways that I got regarding the design and writing process in general from what Inoue said and from just watching how things unfolded. One, in terms of storytelling, when it comes down to it, the work is more about the characters than the story: drama will unfold regardless of how the story moves forward, as long as what occurs is true to the character and is a necessary development. In other words, the focus shouldn’t be so much on the story, but more so on the characters in the story. Story will unfold naturally as a result of solid character development. The characters are the ones who bring life to the story, not necessarily the plot.

Another takeaway, which could be generalized outside of design/storytelling to any field or area really, is that because humans are weak and our homes and studios etc are our personal spaces, it is very easy to take it easy in these places. So if you really want to get stuff done, it is often better to find other places. Inoue, for example, has a multitude of cafes that he goes to to do his “name development” part of the weekly routine which is essentially the brainstorming of what he will write and draw for the week’s chapter. Throughout the week, he rotates different cafes he goes to work. He even reaches the point of labeling them, one might be more of a warm-up place while another one is more lucky and reserved for tight situations when a deadline is soon approaching. I think this sort of going outward to work thing is something that I’ve tried to avoid in the past, but maybe he’s right. Maybe, it would be more productive. Also, I feel like it could give rise to spontaneous situations, perhaps, not that one should count on such things.

A random thought that I had earlier or the other day that maybe I should give some more consideration to is the idea of ditching going for the Japanese minor so that I can take that time instead for focusing on taking creative writing classes, design classes, and other things that I think might be more impactful for the areas that I might want to go for in the future. One thing that I would need to do first though is ensure that there’s enough classes that fit this bill that would actually require me to not go for the minor. More on this another time though.

A final takeaway that is more about life in general and that sort of seconds some of the sentiments shared at the alumni dinner the other day is that it is best to always put oneself in a position where you can progress. Everyone has room for progress in some way or another. Even a master in the master’s art. There’s always some way that you can go about progressing yourself. But sometimes, you can end up putting yourself in a position where this progress cannot really come because what you’re involved in is too easy for you or something along those lines. So it is important to always be sure that you keep yourself in positions where you can progress. This applies to all avenues and walks of life not just in terms of skills. Thank you, Mr. Inoue. You are an inspiration. I DEFINITELY wanna read Slam Dunk and Vagabond now. LET’S GO.

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson



#A+46. [females], [confusion], [choices], [deadlock], [romantic_interactions]
Friday 27 February 2015

Dear Good Sir,

My deliberations over females continues as it has. I think this deliberation is beginning to reach a higher point due to the fact that SJEC is reaching its last week. Beyond that, I am reaching my last few weeks here on campus. Meaning that some life transitions are going to occur soon. Which in turn means that the people that I find around will be changing around a bit. So if I want to be taking action in regarding anyone anytime soon or make any decisions in general, I might want to do that while the timing is still right.

But the issue here is the fact that I have choices. And due to the fact that I have choices, there is a certain risk that I am perceiving of making a bad choice or something that doesn’t end up working out or that ends up not being what I wanted or wishing I had made another choice, etc. It could go on. The point is that due to this deadlock over not knowing how to make a choice and not knowing a priori whether the choice is a choice I will be happy with, I am stuck not making a choice and therefore not going anywhere with anything.

Which is dumb. So let’s break this deadlock. Because the utility of being stuck in this deadlock is non-positive. Possibly it’s zero or possibly it’s some negative value. Regardless, it’s not positive, and I’ll come back to why this is important later. Breaking this deadlock and reaching a point of being able to make a choice is the direction that I think you should head.

And this is why. Say you find a way to make a choice, and let’s not worry right now what this method of making a choice is, but that its there and that you use it. The choice you make could go a number of different ways. But let’s focus on two of these potential paths that it could end up taking you down: firstly, a good choice i.e. a female you are happy with and that you realize that you are happy with; and secondly, a choice that you end up either regretting or not in general being happy with, as in you realize that you aren’t happy with where the path is going. Clearly, the first choice has a high positive utility. And the second has a negative utility.

The simple thing to do here is to calculate an expected utility from these options and their potential likelihoods. The important thing to realize here though is that it’s not a thing where you only get one choice ever though. In other words, I’m not calculating the utility and probabilities for the next choice I make. I’m calculating the expected utility over a lifetime, so there’s multiple utilities and probabilities involved, accounting for multiple negative utilities occurring. Which is okay when you realize that the probability of eventually realizing that first option is actually decent. So that coupled with its high positive utility should outweigh the potential multiple negative utilities of the other side. So what I’m saying is that the expected utility is positive if you break the deadlock.

I do want to point out a few things though before I lobby hard for this calculation. One is that, if you notice last paragraph, I said the simple thing to do is just consider these two options. There are other potential scenarios that could occur. One annoying one is that I am making the assumption that you can easily label each path once you’re on it. And sure, eventually after being on that path for a bit, you probably can eventually label it as one of those two options. But that’s an eventually thing, and not a guaranteed quick thing. So could take a while potentially.

Also, I fail to account for incorrect labels. Though really, I think there’s really only one true “incorrect” label here, and even that’s not that troubling in my opinion though. Say in reality it’s the second option that a path is. But if you label it as the first option, then is it really incorrect? If you see it as the first option, then isn’t it by nature the first option? Even if overarchingly really it’s the second option? Basically, at that point, isn’t the way you see what matters not what it overarchingly is. In fact, what the hell is overarchingly even mean here? It doesn’t apply except maybe from some higher being perspective, but I don’t have that perspective, so from my naive human perspective, what I think is what it is.

Things could change later, but then it just throws things into the second option like before and you move on. More time is probably taken, I guess, which would be the only issue. And if you label something that should be the first option as the second, then it’s just a matter of things not going in the right way for me to see that. Which is okay, as again, isn’t really a matter of how I see it, and also this is another thing that could change.

So, with all of this in mind, my argument is that breaking the deadlock, based on the reasonings that I have presented, is a route of positive expected utility due to the fact that infinity is involved here and that there’s not only one iteration that happens, but an infinite. So while, yes, you could make a “mistake” in some right in one iteration’s choice. But when it comes down to it, that’s okay, as that just slowly moves you down to the point when you reach that first option and the positive utility that it brings. Deadlocking simply prevents you from making progress in that eventual direction.

The other thing that I think is key here, perhaps even more so than anything that I’ve said yet, is that there’s not only one right decision. There’s more than just one female out there that would lead down the route to the first option. Which, yes, increases the probability of reaching the first route, but that’s not the truly significant part in my eyes. The truly significant thing is that in this moment right here as I’m writing this, the moment here where you are stuck unable to decide between the many options in front of you, there’s a chance that you might not be able to go wrong with any of these options. In other words, all of the (5? or do you see more than that currently?) options could potentially lead down the route to the first option/path that I was talking about earlier. In other words, there’s a chance that you legitimately can’t even go astray here.

I think the key to really tapping into the potential of this (and believe me, I realize that it’s not a thing that there’s a guarantee that all of my options could lead to that first positive utility route, but that’s it’s more of a “chance” at that) is letting go of the desire to compare in the future. This is not that important here right now, but more so down the road when (NOT if) you make the first (and maybe the last if it’s good) choice and follow through. I’d say don’t do too much comparing to the other options. Especially DON’T compare where you don’t have the data to compare. If you don’t really know such things about the other options or about the choice you made regarding how things in the future might be or about, for a specific example, whether she’d be a good mother, then don’t compare. That’s unfair to you and her.

So RELAX. Having options is good. Making a choice also doesn’t necessarily suggest that you’re losing the other options in the future if you don’t like the choice that you made. And other options can always enter anyway if options pass with time for whatever reason. There’s an infinite number of options and an infinite number of choices that you can make. So reaching that positive utility path is gonna happen eventually. But you gotta take a chance to reach that positive utility. You gotta TRUST in me to reach that positive utility. So come on. Take a chance and trust in me, yo (yeah, I know that saying all of this doesn’t make the choice occur. But I think it’ll make it easier for you to do so. And I imagine that you can take care of the choice making part from here. So go do that, THEN you can take the chance and trust in me. So go on now. Make a choice, yo).

I’m sorry I keep coming back to write more. But I keep progressing and thinking of more things and then feeling that I should write them down. So excuse me, princess.

I think it’s also important for you to decide what it is that you really want. Because I think that’s something else that you’re confused about which is making things even more difficult. I went back and read those “constraints” that you came up with back in December. And I totally still agree with them. But I feel like there’s a few more than you didn’t write at that time that you’re sort of wanting to apply but unsure if you should. Which is what I mean about needing to decide what it is that you want.

The biggest of these currently unofficial constraints is that you want the female that you’re looking for to be a good mother. This is the thing that is REALLY making things difficult. Because honestly, without this one, I think it would be easy to apply the previous December constraints to find someone. In fact, I think at least one if not more of the current options fit these constraints. But there’s this mother potential constraint.

Another potential constraint which has come up more recently in the past few weeks, is regarding interactions with romantic interests. I’ve found that I am more easily being myself around certain romantic interests than others. Which raises the question of whether these “better” and more “real” interactions are somehow truly better in some way and whether they should be seeked out or even be a hard requirement.

I can’t answer these immediately. And I’d like to ask that you don’t think too much about it just yet. But I don’t know if that’ll happen. So more later (hopefully tomorrow or another day).

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson




#A+47. [vulgar], [rage], [anger], [safe_release], [wisdom]
Saturday 28 February 2015

Dear Good Sir,

FUCK! Fuck! Ugh. This is probably one of the few times that you’ll catch me cursing in a journal. But I feel like that’s the only thing that can really capture my current state. I’ve good portions of today, but especially the past few hours, in a state of frustration leading to rage. And when I say rage, I mean BATTLE-READY RAGE. Normally I have my anger in check to the point that I just watch it as it takes place, but while it doesn’t necessarily go away, I don’t ever act out of it.

But, boy, did I act out of it tonight. Thankfully, I took smart precaution. The extent of my rage came to my attention after a moment when thought of flipping a table came to my mind then I suddenly found myself with my hands under the bottom of my desk and my arms exerting force to left it. Yeah.

I was a bit surprised at the time, so I didn’t really lift it too much. But whoa. It is not like me to lose control of my anger like that and move without intention. This coupled with the self threats that I started making made me reach a point of realizing I needed to do something and quick to release out this anger, in a safe way.

A few different forms of exercise came to my mind, but it didn’t take me long to settle on running, as I really just felt like sprinting crazily in my anger. So I changed and headed out. It suddenly occurred to me outside that I might cramp from having dinner only a few hours ago, but I didn’t care and went out. I decided to implement a mandatory 6-8 minute warm-up before I went crazy at it, so I wouldn’t injure myself. 

And went at it I did, after the warm-up. I had felt a slight hinting at a cramp coming earlier, but I really didn’t care as I had anger flowing through me, and in fact, I noticed after a few minutes of picking up the speed that cramp went away as if the anger kicked it out of the way. I took off sprinting crazily at first and for a few minutes, but decided to slow it down as even with anger, I knew I wouldn’t be able to hold this for too much longer. And I’d probably only get more frustrated if I had to stop running so early.

So yeah. I ran and ran with anger fueling me at a pretty speedy pace, raging at people I passed, at cars, at parties, at people polluting the air, etc. So much rage and anger. And when I got home, I was not too surprised to find that it wasn’t over yet. With the amount of anger I was feeling earlier, it isn’t too hard to imagine that a 30 minute run wouldn’t be enough to let all of that out so quickly. So I followed that very aggressive run with a very aggressive ab/arm workout. Essentially, sit-ups until I literally couldn’t do more, then some push-ups. 

Honestly, even this wasn’t quite enough. But I did start to reach the point here of adrenaline wearing off from stopping for long enough, so tiredness started to hit me. On top of that, I had had enough of standing there letting all of this happen, so I started taking an active part in ending this mandatory rage. Instead of forcing myself to be a certain way, I started just letting myself be however I wanted. If that’s angry, then I’d be angry. If that’s something else, then that something else. 

Which brings me to where about I am right now. Certainly not past the anger and frustration, but not allowing the downwardly spiraling process of getting angrier and angrier. 

You might ask at this point, what I was angry and frustrated about. Because somehow I’ve failed to mention it. And with that realization, I’d say that it probably doesn’t matter too much what caused it because there was probably more to this than just that. But what instigated today was certainly a big contributor, nonetheless: CS110. The bane of my existence at the moment. 

I had an assignment due last night that I basically only got to start working on yesterday. Which led to me changing my plans last night and staying on campus to work on it (which by the way, was mostly okay anyway as I got to spend more time with Erina, but that’s beside the fact). Then by this morning, it led me to change my plans again and not be able to go to the Smash tour. Instead, from this morning, I started just working on it, on and on.

And on and on, indeed, to the point that I realized that this wasn’t about finishing before Ray-Ray and them got done at the tournament. Oh no. This was about trying to finish before the deadline now. After a continued uphill struggle, I returned home from the library this afternoon in a very frustrated state not feeling that I had gotten anywhere in the past 6 hours. I was starting to think about giving up on the assignment.

But through David, I regained some hope and motivation and was able to answer some questions and such and feel that I might be able to do this. Which lasted all of a few hours. I returned home from dinner finding that I was hitting another wall. GAH. Just when I thought I was getting somewhere, some more mysterious stuff appears. Stuff that I can’t really do anything about on my own.

And with David not home to ask, but not wanting to give up, I just kept banging my head against the wall until I reached that point where I started off this journal describing. What really led me to this point was after talking to Ray-Ray and telling him I wouldn’t be able to come then deciding afterwards that I wasn’t even going to have time to finish this assignment, so I might as well just turn in where I am.

But with that decision came a realization. I effectively wasted the whole FUCKING day plus time yesterday. I changed lots of my plans for nothing. I didn’t get to hang out or even see Ray-Ray for nothing. FUCK. There’s nothing worse than that feeling. The feeling that you wasted your whole day and more just to still end up failing.

But you know me. I’m not one to leave something bad as something bad. I’m one to find something good in the bad. Which I will still do now. For one, I see I really need to do better with starting these assignments early and despite how hard it is, try to go to office hours some. But beyond that, I see that failure is a thing sometimes. It’s a part of life. You can’t avoid. I can’t avoid. And I may have had some sort of misguided belief that I could avoid it even if at times I came close. No, even I can’t avoid sometimes. Sometimes I just have to accept it: I failed. I fucked up.

But failing can be a good thing. It can lead to doing things better next time and in the future. And that’s what I intend to do. I’d say not to worry too much about this for now as it’s still tonight and I can think about practical takeaways of this a little later. My request for you is to go get some sleep. You are in some DEEP need of that, believe me. I’ve picked myself up after the big fall, and now it’s time to keep going. But some rest is needed first for that. It’s the most important thing to be honest.

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson
