#A+48. [Erina_stuff], [romantic_interactions]
Tuesday 3 March 2015

Dear Good Sir,

I don’t have much time to write, but I should write as I haven’t written this month yet. Today has solidified my determination though there’s still some uncertainty in my resolve nonetheless. But there was definitely an increase. In my policies regarding a certain someone. But which certain someone is the question now isn’t it?

This certain someone would be Erina (I think hypnoemotions amplifying where I am right now might explain my directness at the moment). I don’t think I need to explain about why she was on the list of which certain someone, but I think it definitely needs some explaining why she would be so up there right now.

Honestly, a big part of is the conclusion and reasoning that I came to the other day when I was talking about breaking the deadlock. After that journal and that realization, I decided to actually act on this and try to break the deadlock soon and decide on action to take. So a part of the reason that I am almost certain about taking action regarding her is because of the fact that I concluded that I should take action regarding someone soon.

The fact that it is her is partly due to events today though now that I am thinking about it more so, I sort of wonder whether today’s events are really enough to have taken me this far (though again, hypnoemotions are largely a cause here). Essentially, I had a number of further good interactions with her today and conversations and hangouts. Especially after the presentation rehearsals when we talked downstairs by the couch area standing next to the foosball table.

We were just talking at first (and she stealing my sweet potato fries; or ok, I was willingly sharing them, fine), then she asked if she could practice her presentation, so I let her do that. And I started helping her and giving more pointers and furthermore, following up on some of the feedback we gave during the rehearsal regarding things that I wouldn’t have felt comfortable going this deeply with her about earlier. But there was something about that moment that I felt comfortable. And I knew that it would deeply help her. So I just went with it and said the comments that I wanted and I think she really benefited and certainly didn’t seem to upset her or anything. As she must trust me and such and know that I am being totally real with her.

Which starts to get at that turning point for me regarding her. I’m still trying to think about all of this more, of course, but there was something in this conversation and interaction tonight that especially makes me okay with the idea of taking action regarding her. Our interactions feel really...good, for a lack of a better word. Real. I feel that I am 100% being myself with her and that she is too. But beyond that, I am enjoying the time that I spend with her as I be my witty, trolly, but fun self. And furthermore, she seems to enjoy this time. And even more so, not only can we enjoy each others’ presence so much, but also, we can engage in this real and important way regarding the presentation, and I can help her truly with it and everything. Essentially, there’s both fun and real results that come from our interactions. Which contributes highly to putting me at the point of wanting to take action when I can figure out when, whether that be here at Stanford, or next quarter when I’m in Kyoto. 

Not that it really matters, but also, something that encourages me are those small signs that I see from her that tell me that she must feel similarly about me. The most extreme yet perfect example of these signs is one that took place tonight. I was leaving the presentation room to head back downstairs, while Erina and her group were still in there working. As I stepped to the door after David, I started saying bye and turned towards the three still in the room waving good-bye and looking at them one after another. When my eyes stopped on Erina last, as I moved out of the door, we looked into each others’ eyes and I could see this VERY REAL thing happen between us. There was just a look on her face of REALNESS (I’m sorry, but I’m not quite sure at this point how else to put this) that I know was reflected on my face too that seemed to show to each other that we care.

I still have lots of deep thinking and time to take obviously regarding all of this, but I just wanted to write and update with where I am at this point. Part of my reservation is because of the whole thing of wanting to have a good reason for liking her if I’m gonna like her. And also, all the others on my “list” of females. Because I don’t know if I can say that I have that for sure right now. The others on the list are definitely still there and all. It’s just, right now, timing and circumstances etc seem to be sending me towards focusing on Erina. But we’ll see for sure farther in the future. Until then, GANBATTE!

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson


#A+49. [Erina_stuff], [wisdom]
Wednesday 4 March 2015

Dear Good Sir,

The Erina saga continues to develop after yesterday’s many events including Thai Cafe and after in addition to the big post-presentation dinner and last night’s (writing this early the next day) 序子会 (with boys) in Okada. The former two events weren’t necessarily that noteworthy in terms of things to write about here though both included good bonding time with Erina.

Though I guess, that’s not totally true that there’s not necessarily much noteworthy to write here. After we all had been sitting in the quad a while eating and people were starting to be finished, at some point, Erina said that she needed to go buy a thank you card and asked me if I could come too for some reason. Since I basically just needed to hang out until my group was ready to practice, I said yes.

But then, after people started to leave, I noticed something starting to happen. Before long it was just me, Erina, and Russ left. Yeah. Then, it became worse for me when he asked me what I was up to now after talked about where to get the thank you card and such. I tried to play it off well and phrased it as, “just hanging out until my group wants to practice.” Then, the three of us proceeded to walk to the bookstore together which was weird.

Though at the same time, it wasn’t that weird and, right now at least, things aren’t necessarily weird with Russ. I think the fact that I have been making an effort to be friendly and sociable with him whenever I can, in addition to the fact, that it’s not necessarily obvious to everyone (well maybe it wasn’t obvious at that point of the day…) that I am interested Erina. It does add an extra level of complication though that apparently he’s not going to Kyoto just in the summer, but he’s taking off next quarter and heading there then. I laughed in my head when he said something about the three of us can hang out. Or I don’t know if he said it that way, but more so that all of the SJEC people in Kyoto next quarter can hang out. Either way, it causes me nervous laughter.

Dinner was more me and her hanging out and talking like at the bookstore after Russ left. Which was nice. But the thing I need to write about is last night. Oh boy. Things have really escalated. Or they could have or could soon. Or maybe I am really that smooth and can continue to evade escalation for now. Anyway, at the gathering in Ivana’s room, at the start, I was sitting on a different side from Erina despite my trying to make an effort to choose my seat wisely. There were small amounts of drinks, but I decided to drink. As if it was a decision though. More like, I’ve lately been drinking every time that it’s there. And thing was, when I poured that first drink, I was saying to myself at the time, as looked and saw both Erina and Seina in the room, I’m probably going to end up doing something stupid tonight. Mmm...not quite.

Lots of good times were being had though anyway despite not being near or getting to interact with Erina as this was an awesome event that should have been done earlier maybe. But then a golden moment opened up, which my pro-finding-openings self noticed immediately. Essentially, Wakaba moved over off the bed to in between Zane and I to watch something on his phone. What made this better was that the amount of space here was small, so things were a bit comfortable. Which gave me one reason already to move. 

But I waited and another reason came in the form of Wakaba talking to someone on my left (I forget who at this point HAHA. I wasn’t THAT drunk though, there’s also fatigue involved here). The opening there, I proceeded to get up at that point and move over to the empty space on the bed thing closer to Erina, and Seina for that matter. And then proceeded to play off why I moved so well and smoothly as if there wasn’t any other secret motive.

And then from there, I was able to talk to Erina. And talk to Erina I did. Essentially, the rest of the night, despite the large number of people in the room. But our talking on the side wasn’t that incredibly noticeable in the sense that it could take place at the same time as the rest of the group talking together for the most part. There were several times when we started laughing really hard or something said that brought in a few others or Dina, or times when I turned to the rest of the group and started interacting for a moment. All things that helped downplay to the rest of the group, the interactions Erina and I were having.

And I learned some things about her that rather increase my interest in her. There’s more to her than my mind wants to try to easily label her as. One thing was when I was asking her about her role as president of CASK and she started talking about Shunya and how she is concerned with him having power now and trusting him due to things that she has heard about him especially in contrast or in lack of what he told her. There was just a sense of responsibility and actual care about leadership that I was getting from here that I had not seen before as she hadn’t expressed such things before.

The moment that I have been hinting at all throughout this journal though is the really big moment of the night. I am still not entirely sure what led up to this moment in terms of how the conversation went this way. But there reached a point that I was asking her something and I saw an opening appear. Maybe, she was talking about was she thought of the officers or something. I forget to be honest. But somehow, I asked the right question to get her to start telling me that she liked me. I think it was a series of why questions. Me asking why she liked me, though it was unclear what sort of like she meant.

But based on her responses, whoa. Essentially, she started saying how I am very easy to talk to, kind, funny, responsible, all of these things. And either in my slightly alcohol-influenced state or through the ways that I have changed in more recent times, I stayed totally cool under hearing her say these things. And I totally managed to playoff this moment in such a way that I didn’t have to express how I felt right then and there. I think I did this by directing things towards whether she felt this way about all of the officers or if this was just me. But it was more luck. Because at this point, Dina started asking what characteristics I was referring to or something. And then, other things started happening in the room, and I was able to let the moment pass. Also, she wasn’t necessarily saying these things in such a way that I had to respond immediately or something. Because it wasn’t in the certain context of her telling me that she liked me (in a romantic way) and why. But more so in an officer sort of way.

But I am quite certain that while I was able to direct things in this officer sort of way and keep the context like that, there was and is more to it than that from her side. I think she essentially confessed herself to me. But due to my cleverness and luck, and maybe her slight alcohol-influenced-ness, I don’t think she fully realized how I took it. Which is the key to why I can postpone expressing myself to her.

As I think I should wait to be honest. Trying to start something here during the program just doesn’t sound smart. Even in the last few days. I understand that I’ve certainly gotten more daring as the program is ending, but I have enough self-control and patience to not be THAT daring.

This does move things in such a way that I do feel ready on my end to take action once the right timing and opening appears. As in the deadlock may be broken. Which is superb. One thing that is helping is one, hearing why she likes me, and two, having more reasons from my end to like her. That would be, one, in duality with what she said, I think it is very easy to talk her too, but furthermore, I find it really easy to be myself with her, which is not something I can say with other people. In addition, I like that our interactions can both be really, really fun, but also promoting learning, self-development, cultural exchange, and so on.

I think her extreme interest for America, as in wanting to live here and even expressing that she wishes she could go to Stanford, versus my interest in Japan could be a source of contention. Though at the same time, I am not entirely sure that I’d want to even live in Japan semi-permanently in the future. I feel like I’d rather have it be more of a place to frequently visit while living more permanently in the US. So maybe, that could be fine there.

In terms of future plan, I think I should wait until the program is over, so likely in Japan, to express myself if I want to do that. I think there is just too much risk involved with trying to start something here due to the awkwardness that it could lead to for a number of reasons. But then at the same time, I also have some concern for next quarter and saying something due to the potential love triangle drama that could come up. But at the same time, I don’t know that things would even go that way as Russ doesn’t necessarily seem like the type to go over drama like that.

Also, from my end, I don’t know him that well for it to be a thing of backing off in respect which I would do otherwise. Especially, if I’m right in that she likes me. I feel like if anything, it should become a thing that he does that for me if things actually go that way. But yeah. We’ll see how things go over the next few days and then in the weeks before Kyoto, and then once I get to Kyoto. Please, continue to be present and enjoy the journey. The destination ain’t important, yo.

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson


#A+50. [Erina_stuff], [Seina_stuff], [choices], [no_assumptions]
Friday 6 March 2015

Dear Good Sir,

More updates since I last wrote. After telling David and later Gina yesterday about the stuff regarding Erina that happened Wednesday night, I ended up deciding to tell Mitsu too. It took awhile for me to feel comfortable with doing this, but, boy, am I glad that I told him. Part of the reason that I wanted to tell him was to see if I could get any useful information out of him as a result. Which is certainly something that happened. But eventually also, I just wanted to tell him because he is my friend and I feel that I can trust him.

He told me some things he knew regarding Erina. For one, in terms of Russ from her side, I know it’s out of the question now. Apparently, she doesn’t like guys that are aggressive. When Mitsu said this, my first thought was, isn’t Russ a bit aggressive? Then, I asked again if Erina was the one that Russ liked and Mitsu elaborated more on that and how Russ liked her since he studied abroad and so on. But she has explicitly talked to the participants about this and that he has made her feel uncomfortable and all. So...yeah. This isn’t a worry or concern or something to take into account anymore.

I’m definitely very much still in the camp of wanting to wait until Kyoto to say or do anything. It’s a matter of getting myself to wait. Which at this point isn’t that hard anymore. It’s just I’ve noticed something since last night at least if not earlier. A regression of sorts. Back to that easily becoming attached-ness that has plagued me in the past. Despite the buckets of confidence and goodness that have defined me and my feelings regarding SJEC so far, due to what’s going on in terms of her, I’ve been falling back into old habits.

Which I have been an effort to nullify the past few days which has been working. But it has required a more laid back approach regarding Erina. Which is also okay because I want to wait until Kyoto to do anything if I do anything anyway. Also, I think the mountains of work and stress and worry that that brings has been contributing to the regression. So with that back under control soon, I’ll definitely be fine.

After last night’s conversations with Mitsu (note, I am now writing the morning next), I have good perspective on both Erina AND Seina. In other words, I talked Mitsu about Seina last night. And again, I am glad that I told him, as he had a lot of good things to know to tell me. One thing that stood out is that “courting” Seina would require more caution that Erina in the sense that, apparently in the past, there have been guys that she was interested that confessed to her, but at that moment of confessing, something changed in her in hearing him confess that made her afterwards reject him. Which is interesting.

It’s not a surefire sort of thing as she hasn’t done that every time, having not done that once, but in that one case, she ended up getting hurt, as also apparently, she tends to attract a lot of “not-so-good” guys, something that troubles her as she feels like she she’ll never meet a good guy or something along those lines (ha, I’ve heard that before). 

My sense of chivalry shouts at me after hearing such a thing to be that “good guy” for her. But it’s not that simple. I don’t want to pursue her for that alone. It’s not right to me to do something like that. If I’m going to “pick” her then it’s need to be done because that’s what I want to do, not because I think there’s some chivalrous justification for it.

Furthermore though, this “chivalrous” cause for wanting to pick Seina is unfair to Erina. Outside of this bad guy thing with Seina, my other reasons for wanting to pick Seina over Erina are due almost exclusively to assumptions that my mind wants to make about the type of girl Erina seems to be based on the little that I know. But it’s just that, assumptions. And they are quite, quite unfair assumptions. Assumptions that she must be a certain way based on the initial data based on her appearance and behavior. But there’s really no reason to believe these assumptions the mind wants to make. It’d be unfair.

So I want to give her a chance. But that requires data collection of data that I don’t have just yet. Which is understandable. But the point that I’m trying to get to is that I am pretty convinced that there is no “rightful” way to go about choosing one of them. I just don’t know either of them well enough to have a good enough of a reason to go about choosing them in such a way.

Which brings me to the further point that, in order to avoid the deadlock which is otherwise inevitable, I should rely on something else in order to choose. My, at least, initial thought is the whole timing and spontaneity thing in terms of just taking advantage of opportunities when they present themselves and doing your best to move within the spaces from which you can move without moving (confusing, but I think you know what I mean. And if you don’t, then go search through your journals for an entry about this back during freshman year).

I suppose probability-wise, relying on spontaneity gives a bit of an advantage towards Erina based on the fact that I’ll be in Kyoto first for an extended time. Also, I feel from her side, she might be trying to make things happen as well, though I don’t know that for sure per se. But probability-wise, you see my point. But then I’ll be in Tokyo for a while after that, so we’ll see what happens, I suppose?

Thanks, Marcus Circus Francium Jackson


#A+51. 
Monday 9 March 2015

Dear Good Sir,

A very interesting question came to my mind earlier when I was having dinner with Chelsea. What is stopping me from being the exact same way with Chelsea that I am with Erina? More specifically, what’s stopping me from being my troll-y true self with Chelsea? If you asked me a few months ago, I may have said, fear out of not wanting to turn her away or something along those lines. But I shouldn’t care so much now, right?

It was in the middle of dinner that this thought occurred to me. I think it came up because as I was sitting there, I started wondering about our interaction. While it’s not that I don’t think we have fun or anything, the thought suddenly came to me that I don’t think I am at all my troll-y self with her. Which is strange! How could this even be? 

Especially when I know that we laugh a lot together. If I’m not the one causing that then it must be all her? But I think I do contribute to it though which is another thing. So if I’m contributing but not through being my troll-y self then what is it? I think it could be the way I frame things. It’s just in a way of irony or different than expected? I don’t know. It’s hard to put it right exactly. 

Regardless, certainly a lot of it comes from Chelsea herself. She’s just a person that laughs a lot even if it’s not jokes per se or messing with you per se. It’s more a framing thing like I was saying before. So that could also be part of it, that I am just laughing with her often. And maybe we even have a congruence in our humors in terms of the whole framing thing.

Nonetheless, I would certainly say that my troll-y, silly self is not a thing with her currently. As in I was watching this evening after I started thinking about this. And again, this lack of it is REALLY strange. Not in the sense of how it could be. Honestly, I think it makes sense why it may have been this way, early on especially. I tend to filter myself excessively with people, not just that I don’t know well, but also people that I want to like me or that I want not to be scared off or whatever. Though honestly, would being troll-y and silly really scare someone off? Come on now.

I think a lot of why I am still not being my true troll-y, silly self with her, and more generally with anyone that I may know somewhat, is because that’s never what I’ve done, so why would I suddenly start? I’m just following the mould of the behavior that I’ve been doing since the start. I guess you could say, why fix what’s not broken?

But then that brings up the question again of why would I start being this way with anyone at all from the start? Good question. That after the past month, I think I have an answer too. I think it lies within my interactions both with Divya and Erina. Essentially, I think the answer is that I tried being this way with them once, which happened early on by chance, and I got good feedback from them as a result. So, naturally, in an optimization-sense, I tried again. Got good feedback. And so on.

Eventually, I just reached a point where I recognized consciously that it was more than just perfectly okay of a thing to do, but something that I should do with them. So I did. And honestly, in past interactions, I’d say this same cycle has happened, just in the case that I didn’t make those first attempts so early on. But later on, maybe when I felt more comfortable. But the same cycle of good feedback and redoing happened which led to myself more so being my true troll-y, silly self.

What am I getting at? Maybe I can do the same thing with Chelsea? As in, try being my true self and going through the good feedback cycle. Until the point where I can just be myself naturally without necessarily really trying. In other words, conditioning myself to drop the filtering. Though honestly, even with Erina, I noticed that there was still some thinking about things and at least thinking about filtering, though it was definitely toned down quite a bit. But I’m saying that maybe it’s always there to some extent at least.

I was trying to test this earlier. Though I was honestly finding it rather hard. The filter was really strong. I found myself very scared to say things. And the two or so instances that I did, I was very timid about it, so I was unable really to collect any feedback. In other words, it wasn’t useful. In other other words, if I want to actually get anywhere with this then I need to not be timid about it. I gotta be my confident self like I am with others that I’m comfortable being my true troll-y, silly self with.

And if this works out which I don’t really see any reason why it shouldn’t, then what would that mean? What if I had those awesome interactions with Chelsea that I have with Erina? Would that just make it moot with Erina if there’s also other stuff I really appreciate in Chelsea in general? Or more generally, with anyone else that I am able to extract such interactions? Or is there more to this in regards to Erina? Is there something about her that really brings out my true troll-y, silly self?

Part of me wants to say yes to be honest. That I think Erina may be more of a catalyst for this kind of thing in me, maybe in the same way of that of Divya. Though maybe even more so. Erina has even pointed it out to me, and even started doing it back to me eventually. And doesn’t the point that I’m at with her already mean something? As in the almost complete lack of filtering and the lack of fear that I have with being my true self with her. 

Also, part of me feels that my conditioning to be my true troll-y, silly self with her would overwrite anything else going on with me. As in, even if I was in a bad mood or if I was sad etc etc, I feel like my conditioning and feeling that I should be that way with her would cause me to push whatever else was going on for the moment to continuing my true self with her. This is just a guess at the moment and some experimentation (or just waiting for such conditions if they would even come) would be needed. Would this truly be the case?

Many questions. Not as many answers. More data will have to be collected and more analysis will have to be done.

But wait, there’s more! Call now and we’ll include… 

Another thought that has come to me since I started writing is that how does all of this play into my interactions with those that aren’t romantic interests. Which refers mostly to males, though also to females that are already dating or that are older or whatever. You know what I mean. Or also just more generally my interactions with anyone. 

When you think of it, my interactions with this group of people and in general are also defined by this good feedback loop. David and Mitsu are two good examples of this. David is a special example which likely occurred from his naturally troll-y self leading to me easily becoming comfortable that way with him. And with Mitsu, I think it just happened along the way especially after I started being myself with Erina.

Which again is interesting. Because that could mean that I could extract more fun interactions with people in general through consciously tapping into this good feedback loop. Which may make me more fun in general. In fact, what may even lead to me not even having to consciously go about this process or to rely on chance giving rise to this process in order to feel comfortable being my true self would be: wait for it: just being my true troll-y, silly self from the start all the time.

What do I need this good feedback loop for? Why do you care so much about what people think of you? And anyway, haven’t you seen from this past month that getting people to like you and think well of you may not be had from being super nice and polite and trying not to offend and bother people? Especially when you see that the opposite often occurs from this behavior? But now I’m starting to get into monthly analysis sort of stuff. So more on that there.

Which brings to mind one more thing. I had a wonderful idea occur to me earlier. Maybe instead of being so super strict about writing the monthly analysis only about the month itself, maybe I could be more loose about when the analysis is from and allow it to break from the month mould at times when needed. For example, right now, for February since it doesn’t make complete sense to not include this first week of March when the first week of March was such a part of what happened in February with SJEC and all. 

On top of that, when I’ve already reached the point of a week passing and I haven’t written yet, and things have happened that would contribute to the discussion of the month window, then why would I go about trying to avoid talking about these newer things in the discussion? Especially when it’s so hard! Come on now.

Thanks, Marcus Circus Francium Jackson



Tuesday 10 March 2015

#A+52. 
Dear Good Sir,

I’ve had quite a bit of epiphanies and revelations today. I guess I’ll keep it close to in order. At work today while upstairs, I started thinking and brainstorming again about possible things to do for a gap year. Or more so, what to do with winter/spring if I’m gonna take fall off to go home and recover physical/mental health and get driver’s license and so on. I started looking at more things in regards to Japan and a few things through the government, but it all seemed too intense and like stuff that I probably should have been applying for already before Stanford or something.

Eventually, I started thinking more about what I want. After some thought along the lines of career goals and such, it suddenly occurred to me that maybe Japan isn’t necessarily that important to me in terms of career/academic goals. Don’t get me wrong, I definitely love the place and want to spend as much time there as possible. But it’s more of a hobby or interest than anything else. Now, I am definitely very open to career/academic things there, but maybe this shouldn’t be my focus.

Part of what led me in this direction was the realization that maybe I don’t actually want to do game design as a career path. At least in terms of when it comes to joining another company or something. I’d rather game design stay as more of a hobby of mine or something I do on the side for now. I’d rather it remain sacred instead of becoming hated due to joining a company and having work things destroying my life for it through numbers and quotas and not being able to do what I want to do. Instead, I’d rather it be an eventual goal of turning independent game design on the side to full time INDEPENDENT game design. As in, I do what I want to do. Not what a company tells me. That probably describes what I’d be looking for any company regardless of what they do. Or as close to independence as possible.

So with that in mind, it occurred to me that maybe I don’t need to be so gung ho about finding ways to go to Japan. When it comes down to it, from more of a whole life perspective, I could definitely make things more of a, make money so that I can visit Japan during breaks and holidays sort of thing. And just have many reasons to have excuses to go to Japan and such (though again, that being said, I am still open to working there at least for a little bit or something, but in terms of gap year stuff, yeah).

Now, I began thinking about what this all meant. That would mean making the most of my time at Stanford then for being as attractive of an employee candidate as possible. Something that came up after my TeamLab meeting and just feeling that I don’t really have anything to show off, project-wise or whatever. Not that I need a lot of things per se, but I just felt lacking in what to show. And it is fine in this case, but in the future I’d like to have more.

And it occurred to me that 229 would be a great way to do this. I already have an idea through a program to learn handwriting for optical character recognition using machine learning. I could maybe even turn this into a senior project or something as I’m not sure I could get this whole full thing done in just one quarter (or a year for that matter), but could just do some important portion of it for the class.

Along with these ideas came another realization. Perhaps, part of my problem right now, this quarter and even before now, has been that I haven’t had an inspiration. Nothing pushing me along during my classes. Nothing moving me forward. Maybe that’s what I’m lacking and what’s causing me to just sort of be dragging along. I need some goals. Something to move towards.

I think this quarter especially that I’ve been trying so hard on relaxing in terms of academics and not stress out about it as much. But that has led to me not caring enough at all, with coupled with busyness, leads to me not doing my best on assignments at all and turning majorly incomplete and such. It was to avoid the opposite end of the spectrum which was my perfectionism which took place for so many years. But I am on the other end of the spectrum right now which is no better. Perhaps, the key is finding the balance. Or seeking, hehe, but more on that soon.

Maybe goals would be the way to go. So I started setting goals right there. Some really high goals. Because if I set the bar really high, even if I fail to hit the goal itself (which is likely to happen) since I set it so high, falling short will probably still be quite great anyway. Some goals I thought of, so that I could maybe keep the possibility of applying for co-term open, would be using fall quarter to set up the things I need to apply such as recommendations. A way I could do that is through 229 and the project. But on top of that, getting to know Andrew Ng and ask him to be my advisor, and in turn ask him for a recommendation eventually. Yeah...high goal setting at its finest.

To keep the balance going, while I am setting these goals, I will keep in my awareness that not reaching this goals is totally okay. For one, I’m not THAT set on even wanting to apply for co-term at the moment, so not being qualified for it in the end wouldn’t be a big deal. Even for the project and stuff. I just want to pass my classes when it comes down to it and be somewhat setup for job hunting in the future. 229 + 161 + more will be hard, and I recognize that, so I recognize that I can’t become obsessed with results actually happening.

At the same time, setting these goals gives me a direction to move in. It gives me motivation and hope where I previously had none. After today’s epiphanies and realizations this afternoon, I am now 95% sure that I don’t want to go through with the whole gap quarter/year idea. I am starting to feel that I don’t actually need it. For one, I am imagining that the next 5-6 months in Japan will be all I need and more in terms of a “gap quarter” feel and rejuvenation of my spirit. 

On top of that, from the miniscule searching that I had the time to do earlier and previously, I see that the options that I have open for gap year-ish stuff in terms of in Japan or whatever, isn’t really all that limited by whether I have graduated undergraduate or not. In fact, many more options (cough, JET and similar opportunities, cough) will be available to me AFTER graduating undergraduate. So if anything, finishing undergraduate first is actually opening in towards of options.

What’s even more great is that all of this motivation and hope for senior year is spilling into where I am right now. So right now, I am very motivated and hopeful and inspired for my classes now. It’s essentially a thing of having some idea of where I am going or where I am trying to get to at least. And I see the role that my classes play in that. So I feel more inspired in actually doing my work and giving effort in my classes now. And right now, that means really tackling my final projects and assignments, but more importantly, my finals, especially 110. I really need to do well on it, and I feel very inspired to give my all to do well on it. So let’s go!!!


But I’m not done yet. I said today was filled with many revelations sort of stuff. This also occurred religiously/spiritually, and was definitely not expected at all. I went to Chi Alpha first with the Tuesday much smaller “large” group. The sermon was great with it being about how Jesus dealt with stress and the RREP process of Recognizing how you’re feeling in terms of emotions and such whatever the situation. It’s not a thing of changing how you’re feeling, but simply seeing it. Sounds like mindfulness, huh? Then, Remembering that you have options here and that you don’t HAVE to feel the way you’re feeling per se. Or more so, you don’t have to react to these feelings or behave some way as a result of them. You also have the option of just letting them sit there like they are and not doing anything in response to them or perpetuate them in any way.

Next, there’s Evaluate the situation which I guess sort of plays into things I was just mentioning in terms of seeing options and sort of thinking about what might be best in terms of response. Again, not that you need to do anything, but just viewing and going over the options and weighing them. Then, Pray. Trust in God and pray. Which probably also includes moving towards one of those options, but yeah.

On top of that is also recognizing that the emotions aren’t everything. And beyond that, the emotions and the automatic things that you might want to do because of them aren’t necessarily the best things to do. Often, it’s better to side with your brain over your heart. Which when I first heard sounded SO opposite of what I was thinking previously. But I think there’s more to it than reason over irrationality.

One good analogy was that emotions are the horse with which we power ourselves. We can’t just do away with them and really need rely on them sometimes. But at the same time, we need to keep them in check and cannot let them go crazy and out of control. Which is where the brain/reason part comes in. You gotta think about what to do and consider what you want, your morals, etc etc. Essentially, he was just saying that we shouldn’t just let our emotions get the best of us and easily control us or anything.

Also, the whole spontaneity thing which you thought he was talking against in the whole brain over heart thing, is probably a bit separated from heart in this sense. Sometimes, it’s okay to go with the heart. Like I said, emotions are the horse which powers us. Inspiration is strong (SO STRONG). You just have to be smart about what things that you let heart and emotions go off on. What things you become inspired to do. And I think most of the times that I do this, it is for the good uses of emotion and heart. But I definitely should be more aware and critical of my use of emotions in general in light of these things.

After XA, I went over to the Potter bible study with Holly late. I read over the passage they were looking at then joined in. It was a passage about “do not worry” in which Jesus talked to his disciples about not worrying. The thing that really stood out and resonated with me that we talked about had to do with something that I happened to be thinking about earlier today…

Essentially, we talked about, after my input, finding a balance between the two ends of the spectrum in terms of worry. There’s the worrying that Jesus is warning against which is the obsessing and stressing out over the worry. Like my perfectionism which led to me obsessing and stressing over academics and social interactions and relationships and so on. Then, there’s the opposite end which is not worrying AT ALL. Not giving a care. This was my input that Jesus isn’t saying to not care at all. He just means don’t go so far down the spectrum that you are the other end of obsession-level worry.

You should still concern yourself with having food and things to wear. As in, it should be something that you try to have. But it shouldn’t be such a worry that you are obsessed about it and stressed. Or in my case, I shouldn’t worry so much about academics that it leads to tons of stress or in terms of not reaching goals. But I also need to give some care and set goals and reach for something so that I don’t set on the end of not caring enough at all.

Then later on, someone pointed out such a beautiful word that put all of this that I had been thinking about into a nice package. The word is seek. And what someone pointed out was that this word was the language used throughout the Bible. SEEK out God. It doesn’t say find Him. That’s the nuance. It’s not about finding God or finding anything whether that’s successful academics or a good job or whatever else. Finding isn’t the point. That’s concerning yourself too much with the end of the result. As I always say, it’s all about the journey. It’s all about SEEKING.

Seek and you shall find. This means creating a goal or having an idea of where you want to go. But you don’t actually have to get there. Really, you’ll find regardless of where you get. Because finding isn’t about actually reaching where you set out for. Finding is just about the journey of seeking. 

I think this also provides a WONDERFUL perspective on safety nets. It’s great to have backup plans and safety nets and the such. In terms of things to fall back on if things don’t end up going the way that you want. In other words, seeking out something, but ultimately it not mattering whether you find it or not. But at the same time, if it doesn’t work out that doesn’t mean you just stop seeking. Or on the other hand if you make progress, that doesn’t mean you stop because you got a little higher or even maybe reached your goal.

You must keep seeking. You must always seek. Seek God and you’ll find Him. Which means that with just even “little faith” you can still find God and He’ll support you and give you what you need. But that doesn’t mean being content with that little faith. You must always be seeking more faith. Just let go of the NEED to actually acquire more. It doesn’t matter where you are. Just keep seeking wherever that may be. 

I can apply this to so many situations in my life. In fact, everywhere. I’ll seek a relationship with Erina. It doesn’t matter whether we find that together or not. Seeking is enough. Or seeking a relationship in general is enough to find it. At whatever pace God wants that to be at. I’ll seek successful academics and Andrew Ng as my advisor and whatever. It doesn’t matter if I reach there or not.

Indeed, everywhere. I ended up using this ideal of focusing on seeking during the bible study itself. At the start of prayer, Holly asked out if there’s anyone in here that’s ready to accept Jesus and God as their savior. Something I’ve heard happen at XA before. I didn’t feel ready before. I just didn’t know if I was at that point yet to know that I was ready, something I talked to Glen about later. 

But things were different this time. I could apply this ideal of seeking here too with my religious views. Instead of being stuck at wondering if I was quite at the point ready to accept Jesus, somewhere I’ve been stuck at for a while, I just dropped that. It didn’t matter whether I had reached some “magical point” or anything. All that matters, which I could see right THERE in the scripture, is that I seek out God. Something I’ve been doing certainly at least since December. Essentially, it’s seek God and you’ve found him. The amount of faith doesn’t matter. Just keep seeking Him more and more and TRYING to improve your faith.

So after a few moments as she explained who she was looking for, I felt resolved. I felt ready to raise my hand anonymously. I am seeking God and that’s the bare minimum I need to find Him and to be accepted by Him. It’s simple as that. It doesn’t mean that I stop there, but that I just stay in that state of always trying to improve. No more delaying!

It was strange afterwards hearing her say that in the moments before the prayer, that she had suddenly felt moved that someone in the room was reaching this point, so she felt that she needed to ask out. Boy, am I glad she did. I didn’t really know that I was ready for a such a thing until she said, but it only took seconds after she said it for me to realize that I was. This ideal of seeking just encapsulates where I’ve been going the past few months in solving my perfectionism problems. So it’s great to have this even more tangible result of seeking instead of obsessing with finding. Thank you, Holly. Thank you, God. Thank you, you.

SEEK, SEEK, SEEK!

Thanks, Marcus Circus Francium Jackson



Thursday 12 March 2015

#A+54. 

Dear Good Sir,

I am still trying to collect the necessary data to really show this, but I am suspecting that somewhere somehow some changes in me were implemented outside of the ones that I pointed out in February’s monthly analysis (though I do need to talk more about those at some point and maybe more on how those changes came to be). My hunch is that I am starting to care less and less about random females regarding romantic interest. By that I mean, I’m not going about thinking about each and every female as a potential romantic interest. This is great news!

Again, this is just preliminary data that I have so far, but from what I’ve seen so far, I think this change may be in the process of taking place. I don’t really have much tangible, specific data to give you at the moment besides maybe Holly as an example as someone that I feel like I was doing that whole annoying thing with way back when and I definitely detected the complete absence of that happening in the past few interactions we’ve had including bible study.

Also, just aside from instances regarding people I know, I’ve definitely noted to myself a few instances when I picked up on it of an absence of the whole all females as a romantic interest thing. Instead, there’s just a lack of care in regards to them. It’s not at all a thing of disrespect towards them, but just neutralness, as I feel like it should be. With people I know, there’s friendliness in that sense towards them, but from what I can tell, that’s the full extent of it, opposed to in the past when there would likely have been potential romantic interest from my side involved.

While I do have this preliminary data, one slight worry that I have at the moment is that maybe this change is occurring, but maybe it’s not quite a change, but instead the product of something else: something else being the fact that I have some very solid romantic interests currently. As in, I’ve dropped seeing all (ok, it was never all, but you get my swing) other females as potentials simply and only because I don’t NEED to. Which I suppose indirectly, is okay to some extent, but I’d rather the results to be coming from changes within not from this outside factor. But this is just a possibility and one that I don’t have data to really suggest, but just something I wanted to throw out there.

Just wanted to note these potential signs of progress. More on this later when I’ve collected more data.

Thanks, Marcus Circus Francium Jackson



Friday 13 March 2015


#A+55. 

Dear Good Sir,

Check yo self. I’ve been a bit off all day. As in, sad or something along those lines. It’s hard to pinpoint when it started or the direct cause, but I don’t think it was simply one thing which makes it so difficult. I think part of it had to do with this morning’s weird thing with Erina which started off fine, but left me in a weird place. Essentially, I was going to help her back into the LINE group after she somehow lost her account in changing phones, but I was trying to mess with her, then suddenly it said Russ added her to the group and I was left feeling dumb.

I don’t think it was so much that latter part but more so the effect of trying to mess with her through message, but by nature not getting feedback making the act unclear how it was being taken. And you know me and my worst case scenario’ing. I think it is this that started off my weird state for most of the day. That coupled with sadness over the students being gone hitting me again. In other words, one thing leading to another and building off each other leading to spiraling downward process that’s never good. 

I was able to do some brainstorming and remembered two of my good techniques for mental resets to feel better. One being reading and the other being night biking. Falling asleep works too though that requires actually being able to fall asleep. But yeah. Remember these different tools that I have for mental resets and please utilize them, especially early on. Stuff like this happens which I understand, but no point in not doing anything about it once you identify that something is happening to begin with.

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson


Saturday 14 March 2015

Dear Good Sir,

In the spirit of yesterday’s journal, I want to again emphasize care for yourself. And caution. I noticed this morning after seeing so many messages from your nihonjin friends a feeling of ah they really care. Come on now. You don’t need this to know that they care. And not seeing that doesn’t mean they don’t care. Don’t let the shortcomings of one-dimensional messaging suggest anything else.

Again, respect their time. It even took you awhile to respond today because you were busy this time. Busyness is real. Respect that they are people and have busyness. Appreciate when they respond, but don’t let that be the only way that you believe that they care or whatever. That’s ridiculous.

I’m sorry I am very tired, so I probably don’t sound very coherent at the moment. Or at least I don’t feel like it. But you get my point hopefully.

Thanks, Sexy Marcus Circus Francium Jackson


Sunday 15 March 2015

Dear Good Sir,

I am free. From the bonds of CS110. Assignments, at least. Still gotta rock a final, so we’ll see how that goes. Nonetheless, I was happy, perhaps absurdly so, when I finished my assignment earlier. I literally danced for a few minutes in utter joy. That assignment and the assignments in this class in general have been hanging over my head quite a bit though, so I guess it is fair for me to have been that happy.

I went on an epic-length run yesterday, one of the longest I’ve done in quite awhile at 7.5+ miles and over 65 minutes. The run left me very, very exhausted the rest of the day yesterday to the point of just wanting to lay out on the floor and pass out (which I did at one point). I was even feeling a soreness of sorts around my chest which possibly was an aerobic soreness of sorts.

I was expecting today to be extremely sore, but woke up finding that I wasn’t. But I ended up playing basketball today which at a certain point found myself very sluggish. I went on a run afterwards and REALLY felt this sluggishness here. It’s hard to describe, but it was just hard to run even going very slowly.

Since this is quite abnormal to experience, I did some brainstorming trying to figure out what the cause was. The most likely things in my mind would be either effects of the long run yesterday or the fact that I had been playing basketball before that in which I often enter a state of laziness especially when just playing 1 on 1 which may have continued into the run. Or maybe it was just a random thing that occurred or there was some other cause. I’m not sure.

Nonetheless, I want to point out that this sluggishness is okay. It happens sometimes. You just do your best despite these sorts of things and move on. You can’t have super feel good runs every day. You gotta have less-feel good days for the feel-good days to mean anything. Also, remember that I’m not running cross country or track anymore. So the high expectations aren’t necessary here. I’m running for my own personal reasons now. I run for myself and myself alone.

I simply want to get faster and stronger the best I can, but that doesn’t mean tons of pressure like my XC/track days. It just means that is one of my guiding factors. One specific thing is that I want to be in really good shape for SPOT. I also just want to be in better shape constantly instead of the whole always falling out of the habit of running sort of thing that happens sometimes. I love being outside and doing physical things, so let’s be in the best shape I can to do these things. Yeah!

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson


Monday 16 March 2015

Dear Good Sir,

It’s suddenly dawning on me that it is days like these that I probably back up and not force myself to write something. Days like these that I don’t necessarily have anything big to write about. But at the same time, I feel like I often find that after I start writing something like this that things start to come up for what to write about. Things that I may have thought about earlier, but forgot about as I was thinking about what to journal about. So maybe there is something to writing at least something everyday.

I listened to multiple This American Life podcasts today, namely three, all at some part having to do with love, romance, etc. I think the fact that I was seeking out these sorts of podcasts says something about where I am right now, i.e. trying to figure out where I am and what love is to me, etc.

The first one that I listened to furthered my resolve to not be so serious about going into dating and relationships. The piece was about a couple that had been dating for 13 years since college, and decided to take a month to put the relationship on hiatus in order to go out and experience what else is out there in terms of romance before coming back. They felt they had a very limited experience and view outside of them together. And despite how great they had been together, felt that it would be important to experience outside first before moving forward further. 

This says to me immediately that going through multiple relationships is not only totally okay, but beneficial. Which I can totally understand thinking back to when I was dating Amanda. I can definitely remember thinking, I wish I had more experience so that I could put her and dating her more into perspective.

So do you hear this, bro? Stop worrying so much about whether things will last or whether they will work out, etc. First of all, it’s really hard to calculate such things beforehand. But also, it doesn’t necessarily matter that much. It’s okay to enter a relationship thinking that it won’t last long. Of course, I wouldn’t suggest going into it with any sort of mal-intent or planning to not let it last or something.

I know this brings up a concern specifically with some of the females that you are interested, namely Erina. The concern of dating someone that lies within a circle of friends that you don’t want to disturb. Which is fair and a very legitimate concern. But will that stop things…? Should I make an effort to stop things now for this reason? Isn’t it so much smarter to just look for girls outside of this important circle of friends for this very reason? Will I listen to logic here? Should I even listen to logic in such matters?

Another thought that comes up is that communication is key. And by communication, I also mean honesty. But honesty plus communicating as in asking questions and making an effort to see where things are and where both people want things to be and where to go. No point lying or not telling the full truth to try to lead things in some direction if it’s not desired, probably by neither person. Being open is a thing.

Another thought: you can always get back together with someone in the future even after separating. In addition, it’s always possible to get in touch with an interest from the past and try to make things happen, or anything along those lines. Yes, this does require that said interests aren’t already in a relationship or whatever which cannot be relied on per se at least specifically person by person, but it is always still a possibility more generally with someone.

A thought from another podcast is that the initial spark for dating, relationships, love, etc, honestly does NOT need to be anything special or deep or “story-quality.” It can literally be something as simple as “she’s cute” or “I enjoy being around her” or something along those lines which is yes a bit shallow, but at the same time, especially when you’ve just met someone, what the heck else are you supposed to think at that point? If there’s something more to it at that point, then wonderful, but for the other 99% of the time, there doesn’t need to be anything else. In other words, you don’t need any more of a reason to be interested in Erina! Especially at this point and especially for the reasons that you already have. This isn’t a damn movie, yo.

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson



Tuesday 17 March 2015

Dear Good Sir,

I was thinking the other day about the nature of international friendships. Looking at my experiences, probably heavily weighed on those of recent time, I get the feeling that there is some level of unconditional-ness that exists often times with these types of friendships in particular. I say this because I feel like at times it has to be forced to some extent when the amount of time that you have to get to know each other is so limited. For things to actually work out and survive the constraints of space and time, both parties almost seem to have to apply a certain unconditional-ness.

By unconditional-ness, I mean both parties almost raising each other up to the level of already being great friends before the normal amount of time has passed to generally allow that to happen. It’s almost this understanding that, time is short so let’s forget all of the usual initial stuff that needs to happen to reach this point and let’s just shortcut there now. It’s partly a thing of trust.

With that being said, there are a few concerns I have to this “theory” of sorts. First of all, my experience with having international friends is very limited to one party being in a coordinator/officer/helper role and the other being the participant/visitor. I don’t have any experiences outside of that really besides with random international friends that I have at Stanford or met during my time at Lovett. And I feel like these coordinator and participant roles existing gives way to this unconditional-ness.

I also think it largely gives way to the trust that you were speaking of, especially from the participant towards coordinator direction, since as the participant, you have to put your trust in the coordinator to take care of you and help you out while you are being the participant. Then, while the time being in the participant role eventually ends, the trust part doesn’t, so the trust continues on leading to these seemingly high level friendship interactions without the amount of time usually needed for such things.

One example (of many, though probably the strongest example) that prompted this whole “theory” was my friendship with Ena Hashimoto. We talked a good bit during SKIP, but that was only two weeks, and then we didn’t directly communicate for several months until SJEC just happened (which was only a month). But we immediately raised things back to that high level friendship interaction state throughout SJEC, and also got to spend more time together which added to the more legitimate side of things.

And now, even though our in-person interactions only span over around 6-7 weeks, I feel like our friendship has reached a point where it has a lot of the things that I would find in friendships with any of the people here at Stanford that I am very close with. Which is saying something. But it also leaves me with the awe of wow, it’s already at this point. Something that really struck me as wow, the trust that we already have, or more so that she already has in saying that I can stay at her grandmother’s if I visit Kyushu. 

So all of this leaves me wondering, is this actually something innate to international friendships? Or is it something that can be found more generally anywhere and probably has something to do more with the context in which you meet and know someone and also depends on the individual people themselves? One potential counterexample is that I’m not sure if I would have noticed this unconditional-ness with previous experiences i.e. ALC and SKIP. But maybe I would. It’s hard to say not having been able to really try these friendships in that way besides back during SKIP when we hung out with the ALC participants.

Something else that occurred to me is that maybe this unconditional-ness could be seen during freshman year, but it’s just been so long that SJEC’s extreme extent of unconditional-ness is fresh in my mind and standing out significantly and so leading me to think that it could be something to do with international in general. 

Really, it probably is more something that can be found outside of international friendships. In fact, I feel that maybe it’s more the golden conditions (comparable to the romantic equivalent) where both parties in a friendship both are actively wanting to really promote being friends with the other. I think this is what really leads to this unconditional-ness, as really that’s what it is. Trying to be friends with the other without any conditions or stipulations (besides the obvious ones of the person turning out to be crazy or something, but that’s more than rare).

And if anything, it’s not that this innate to international friendships, but perhaps, more often found in international friendships due to the constraints of time and space that aren’t as lacked in on campus friendships. Maybe that’s what I am noticing. Either way, I guess I’ll just have to collect more data and come back to this another time.

And a final note of something I just found interesting this afternoon, after my exam, I wanted to chill out for awhile and do something just for the sake of it being something I enjoyed. My initial thoughts jumped to video games and such, but I didn’t even feel like doing that (nor was it possible in terms of Path of Radiance or something at the time). Then, I realized the lack of doing anything on my own for fun that has existed the past several weeks and this quarter in general. Which is astounding. Then, an idea finally came to mind. A good one at that: reading.

Never did I think I would see the time return to me where reading is my first choice me-time pastime. It’s sweet.

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson


Wednesday 18 March 2015

Dear Good Sir,

I had another one of those moments last night (I am writing next day, but this pertains to Wednesday specifically) where I managed to uncover an unconscious underlying issue. Amidst my intense 110 studying, after yesterday’s events with Chelsea, my thoughts kept going back to her and the frustrations over choices that I’ve been mulling over a lot the past few weeks in terms of who to choose. Or more so, mulling over the impossible situation I seem to have been finding myself in due to the seeming impossibility of making a choice of one female over the other(s).

While I haven’t quite found a way to make a choice in the classic sense of making a choice, I have uncovered something that makes the WHOLE situation so much easier to deal with. The reason that this situation has been so distressing for me has been due to an underlying fear that I haven’t been able to recognize until now. It starts with the fact that I don’t like to turn people down. But the reason that this is the case is more so because I don’t want people to think badly of me. And perhaps, even more essentially though maybe specific to this situation, I don’t want to lose friends.

Now to take a step back, when I say that I am afraid to turn people down, more specific to this situation, I mean turning down females romantically. So in this dilemma of not being able to make a decision, one of the issues that has been making things even harder is the fact that in making a choice, that implies that by definition, I’ll have to turn someone down because I can’t choose everyone. And my fear is that in turning someone(s) down, they’ll then turn away from me in pain or other feelings, and I’ll lose their friendship. This fear is the underlying cause of all of my current discomfort and confusion and worry and indecision. Or it was.

Seeing clearly now, I recognize the absurdity in this fear. I don’t mean that what I am afraid of can’t happen, but more so, I have to realize that I can’t get stuck worrying about whether this will be or not. For one, this is a situation that I do have a bit of control over in that a lot of the factors that determine how it goes depend on how I handle things. Which is a lot better than the alternative where it is totally out of my control and out of my hands and up to some other external factors that I have no influence over. 

Adding on to this, you just gotta realize that it’s possible to turn down someone and continue being friends with them. In fact, YOU of all people should know that it can even be better than that. One can turn down someone else romantically and then have their friendship grow so much as a result i.e. Gina and I. A lot of what allowed that to happen was, one, yes the fact that I took it so well, but beyond that, two, because of the way Gina handled it. She made the being turned down process, so much easier and softer than it can be in contrast.

Beyond even these things, who says that you even need to turn anyone down? I have been making a lot of assumptions, yes knowingly, but making assumptions nonetheless. Also, due to social norms, often times females aren’t the ones to voice how they feel first anyway. So if I just don’t do anything then, none of this should even begin to come up. In fact, I’m not sure that I can think of any situation that I would actually have a reason to bring up something like this on my own. So unless someone says something to me first then this shouldn’t be a worry.

And if someone does say something to me, then I’ll handle it. I feel like things like this are easy to foresee generally. As in, I’ll probably see it coming if it is to happen. And I can try to handle it like Gina did. I’ll have to go back and read up on the history, so I have a better idea, but essentially, it’s just a thing of highlighting the friendship. And personally, I find it so powerful the idea that someone would appreciate and want to spend so much time with someone of the opposite gender without it being a romantic thing. 

So please. Drop the discomfort, confusion, worry, and indecision regarding this whole process. Appreciate the grace of having options, especially in contrast to the first 20 years of my life. Maybe it has its cons, but it sure does have its pros.

Thanks, Marcus Circus Francium Jackson



Thursday 19 March 2015

Dear Good Sir,

The realization last night has certainly helped with dropping a lot of the worry and anxiety surrounding the whole making a decision process. Truly. But at the same time, a lot of the indecision remains. And I suppose that’s totally not the point of last night’s realization. It wasn’t intended to help with making a decision. It was meant only for the worry especially that associated with the idea of having to turn down those I don’t choose if I were to make a choice.

In other words, I still remain in confusion about the whole decision part of things. I just keep thinking about a lot of it and thinking I’m making headway, but really I never am. There are just times that I am really set on someone, but then it turns around. I’ve probably written about this previously, but currently deep down in me, there are a lot of parts of me that are screaming “pursue Chelsea” at me. And I really want to listen. The feelings that I was getting back in December is a big testament to that too.

But then, another part of me keeps wanting to question all of this. Why do I feel that “cosmicness” from Chelsea? What is it about her that makes parts of me scream to decide on her over the others? Listening to the podcast today contrasting love at first sight as well as just that initial infatuation stage with different stages in a relationship/marriage down the road really made me think too. What if things just aren’t the same after that initial infatuation stage? What if she’s not the perfect one for me, or better yet, what if I’m not the perfect one for her (which I certainly question a lot)?

But at the same time, I wonder if I am being too rational and thoughtful about all of this? What if there really is something “cosmic” here that I am not quite seeing or catching on too? Also, I’d say personally that it might be a bit ridiculous at this point to say that I am infatuated with her. Events of this quarter have truly changed that and while I certainly do still have feelings for her, I feel like it would be hard to place those feelings in the category of infatuation, at least not that pure initial infatuation that we all know.

And there’s the big question that I sort of already hinted at: how do I know if a woman is perfect for me? What does that even mean for me? What needs to happen for me to even reach a point that I can say with confidence that a woman is perfect for me? That’s one of the big things. What if Chelsea, for example, is perfect for me? What will it take for me to be able to see that?

That’s one of the big arguments that I feel right now for wanting to put aside some of the feelings that I have for people at the moment and instead just go explore more with dating different people and such. I just don’t have much experience right now and am facing the same problems that I was facing regarding Amanda initially. I think having more experience with dating would help provide me with a better perspective for determining capability with others and with determining what might make a woman perfect, or not even perfect but even great, for me or not.

So that makes me want to try to go get that experience, but at the same time, I don’t want to risk hurting people by starting something that I don’t necessarily want to hold. Especially when it comes to people that I already know or that belong to different friend circles and such (i.e. many of the Japanese females that I am interested in currently). And then I talk about how I want more experience, but I am too afraid to make a decision to go about exploring and getting more experience. Especially when it’s one of these people in a friend circle that I wouldn’t want to risk damaging my connection with the friend circle or something.

It almost feels like a catch 22 to some extent. I almost feel like dating people I just met would be smarter for now in terms of the whole gaining experience side of things. And I guess also just being honest with where I am right now. Being honest about the fact that I don’t necessarily want to make big connections at the moment especially in terms of things going long distance. Being honest about the fact that I to some extent want to keep options open and maybe just keep things at a dating level right now. Or that if it is to go any farther that there is risk of that not lasting especially at the point of when things would go long distance.

I don’t know. It’s a lot to think about. Part of me wants to forget all of this and all of these decisions and stuff and just focus on being independent and cultivating all the wonderful platonic friendships in my life with females and males. But that would just be avoiding the problem to some extent. So who knows right now. Maybe it’ll be easier once in Japan. Though on that note, I also have a slight fear that things are suddenly going to start moving quickly with Erina if I’m not careful. But, assuming she’s even interested at all, maybe that would only happen if I push for that. So again, who knows. Let’s drop it for now.

Thanks, Marcus Circus Francium Jackson



Saturday 21 March 2015

Dear Good Sir,

Hmm. Today set me a bit backwards in terms of Chelsea stuff, from my side. My questioning of the nature of our interactions increased. But is it warranted?

Today, we moved most of our stuff out of our dorm rooms and into storage with the help of Glen. In record breaking times, we moved the stuff out of each of our rooms into the truck in about 15 minutes per room. Then, we proceeded to drive to Fremont and unload into the storage. In all honesty, the day was really fun with them. They are both fun to spend time with and the actual moving process was flawless and easy.

One fun part was when Chelsea and I went into the storage office place to sign for the storage space and also received a tour of the space and were shown to the storage space itself. What was so fun and just funny about the experience was that it just FELT like we were playing house or something, dating and getting a storage space together for all of our stuff. I was literally DYING the whole time with internal laughter at the situations that arose. It just felt so strange.

I wanted to word something to her about it, but didn’t have a good moment timing-wise and also just wasn’t sure how to bring it up. Also, I didn’t really know IF I should bring it up. I didn’t want it to come off in the wrong way as if I wanted things to be the way that it felt like. It was more that I was just finding it intensely weird the situations that were arising, in a slightly humorous way. 

Take, for example, when we first walked up to the front desk, and they asked us what we needed and Chelsea explained the situation. Then, there reached a point after they told us that we can’t co sign (as in both putting our names down) that we had to decide who would do it. And we turned and looked at each other and as we shortly discussed it, I just felt that weirdness as if we were a couple deciding something.

Right now, it probably doesn’t make sense why I started off the way I did. It’s more so because of the lack of interacting with her on average over the course of the day truly as myself. Or at least, I just didn’t feel truly like myself a lot of the time. Or I just didn’t feel like I was there at times. I felt like I was following an adult or parent around as they took care of important business, like I often feel back at home when I am with Ma or Nita even.

I find this problematic because, although I want to be with a girl that’s strong-willed and such, that doesn’t necessarily mean that I want to be in a position where I can just go on autopilot like this. I know a lot of it is just the habits from the past that I was easily falling back into, but at the same time, the fact that it was possible to fall into these habits at all bothers me.

I don’t really know if it’s necessarily a thing innate to her that allowed it or if it has more to do with me in regards to her. The nuance there being that the former suggesting that it’s something mostly related to her nature and my habit responding to that or the latter suggesting that it’s mostly because of my habit and the situation and her being at least enough of a certain way allowed for the habit to return.

Besides the return of the autopilot habit, I also felt in the car that I just couldn’t get on the same wavelength as her and Glen a lot of the time. It was just hard to keep up with their personalities. Part of the question here is if it was Glen specifically or just most people in general that would cause these things. I think it’s more so the latter and that I’d have trouble following her with any of her friends. 

And I think the “issue” here is that she is quite a bit different from me, in a way that I sort of feel like I would be forcing things to try to make things work out with us in dating. Sure, when it’s just us, I can mostly keep up, but things are stretched when she’s around others too. And I want to be able to enjoy spending time with a significant other’s friends. 

I realize it’s not generally going to be a perfect match per se, but I feel like it could be better than this. You of all people know that I don’t like feeling awkward in social interactions. Sure, a certain bit of it is inevitable, but I also want to squash as much of it as I can. Or at least, put myself in situations and circumstances and environments that pushes away awkward interactions for me.

But yeah. I don’t know. I am by no means saying that I don’t think it can work out with us, but more so that I am less confident in it or at least less confident in the down the road side of it, now. I may end up spending more time with her in the next week before I leave, so we’ll see how that goes I guess. But I feel like it may end up giving way to misleading data if it’s just us. This stuff is hard to figure out, yo.


So I watched Mononoke Hime again tonight. What a masterpiece. I could go on and on about it with the praise that I’ve held for it for years and years. And that hasn’t changed. But, now re-watching it since I started the Miyazaki marathoning last year, I can say with confidence now that Howl’s Moving Castle is my favorite. While it has all of the awesome action scenes going for it, Princess Mononoke just can’t beat out the character interactions and family and love found in Howl’s Moving Castle. Without a doubt. I’ll rewatch my favorite again this week to confirm all of this too.

Thanks, Marcus Francium Jackson
